This will be the recording of a proper agreement of Delaine Maxwell from the Deputy Attorney. General, DOJ, and the time is currently 9/16. Maxwell and Council are arriving to the U. S. Attorney's Office, and we will commence. The proper shortly. My name is Assistant Special Agent in Charge Spencer Horn of FBI New York.

Today we are doing a proper of Ms. Maxwell. The date is July 24th, and the time is 10-12 a. M. This interview is being recorded. Asking questions of Ms. Maxwell, I'm going to put on the record everybody that's in.

This room in addition to me. Diego Pastana, Associate Deputy Attorney General, and then you heard from Special Agent in. Yes, this is David Oscar-Markus, and I'm Council for Delaine Maxwell. And I'm, I'm Kielaine Maxwell.

Okay, so before we started recording, we met for a few minutes, I introduced myself,. And we chatted, and now I told you that we were going on the record. And before we start asking questions, I know that you've been given by your lawyer. A copy of what's called a proper agreement, and I just want to spend two minutes making. Sure that you understand what governs our conversation today. The most important part of this agreement is that this isn't a cooperation agreement,. I'm not promising to do anything, I'm not promising to ask Judge Nathan or any of.

The judges that's been assigned to your case to do anything, we're just talking. And so that's the most important, important part of this agreement. However, almost as important is the fact that what this agreement does for you is. It gives you protection.

So what it means is that the government cannot use what you say today against you,. With some exceptions, which we'll talk about in a minute. But whatever you talk about today, you have what's called immunity. So that means that the words that you say today, we cannot use against you in a case. >> There's exceptions to that. The most meaningful one of which is that if you say something today that's not true,. That's a lie, we can bring a prosecution against you for what's called false statements.

And if you lie to someone that's like me or like Special Agent Horn, it's a crime. So you have to be truthful. The other exception to this that doesn't necessarily apply directly to you. But if there ever was a retrial in your case, or if there ever was a criminal case,. A future criminal case against you, and your lawyer or you said something different,. Or took a position that's different than what you say today,. We can then cross-examine you or witness based upon what you say today.

So it's a little bit nuanced, meaning I can't use what you say against you in our case in chief. However, if you were to testify, or if your lawyer called a witness to testify,. And they said something that is totally different than what you say today,. When we met with Miss Maxwell back in July of 2025, she told us and then say what she said, okay? I understand.

Okay, other than that, I know you didn't have a lot of time this morning. To meet with Mr. Marcus, but did you have a chance to go over this briefly with him? , I did.

Okay, all right, so I've already signed it, as has especially horn,. And Mr. Marcus signed it as well, so we've got a time to please sign it right where it says clients, yep. And I will provide a copy of this to your lawyer, so you guys have it. Thank you. Yep, there we see.

Okay, we're just confirming that it works, and it does. Miss Maxwell, I guess about a week and a half or two weeks ago,. Government about not only your case, but about everything that's been in the media. And that's been publicized about Mr. Epstein in your case. Very true to anyone, because no one in the government at any time ever would be since. The inception of the case, so it doesn't matter the early two councils, because ever.

Spoke with me and indeed I believe ever reached out to me at any time to even speak to it,. And that it leads up to when I was indicted and posted to it, and I believe that I understand,. I wanted to speak to him because I was very true to anyone so that I could tell and. Have to ask me any question, I've never had any problem just to speak to anybody,. And I offered myself, and I kept asking if I would be able to speak to the government. For every reason, because I was not happy.

Okay, I have questions that I want to ask you, but I'm not, if there's a path that,. A question that I'm not asking that you think should be asked, I invite you to volunteer,. And the same thing goes to your lawyers, just to start a little bit very briefly,. Can you talk about when you first met Mr. Epstein, I know that goes back a while,. And just very generally talk about your relationship with Mr. Epstein from the time.

I've never heard of him or met him before, and no one in my family had ever either. I have never met him, and I'll explain why that is the case. Where did you, where did you meet him? I had a girlfriend who, I was, yeah, I moved to America briefly in,. Well, I moved to America in 1990, and I, well, moved, I couldn't visit America in 1990. I had been running my own company at home until that time, which was a company called,. Actually a corporate case, and I had also been working for my father at the time.

I've had multiple jobs within my, in 1990, I was working with a new company of his,. A new speaker that he was working, he was working with here, and I was in charge of. Launching a magazine to go with the movie. And I was traveling at that time,. Traveling to America, because my father was looking to, well, we should do so, but many,. They're full time about him, but that's a much longer story. I don't think we need to go into it.

This time. So, but I was always working with anyone. There was no escaping who it was to work for him. So in 1990, I had come over to New York to help look at some of the,. She was having some advertising issues with the New York dating news, and in fact, a net,. A make of net. The Donald Trump at that time, because my father was friendly with him,.

He's gone because she was also from Czechoslovakia, where my dad was home. So, I don't, I don't remember if I didn't need to or not. In 1990, you did make that, but that's how I knew about, that was the Trump. And this was before you met. This was before you met. Yes. So, I was already going back and forth to America, and then,.

April of 1991, I came to New York, but, I can't remember for what reason,. , Business reason, that there was a business, it's something to do with my dad at that time. And the girlfriend of mine, who, an American, told me I, I, I broken up with my mom. I've been, engaged, getting, the very long time boy, trying to be broken up.

So I could, you know, see the girlfriends do, what a guy who's meet, like, who is it? And she goes, it's, he's been dating my sister, and you're loving, he's looking for a way. I'm edging towards 30. I don't need to tell you guys that's a very important moment for a girl,. To, like, think about the quarter things. , She's already been happy with Newton. And, I think the most memorable thing I can think about that is he was wearing a tie,.

Which he didn't offer, didn't have a giant, it's monthly catch-up thing, but it sounds like,. Just personally? Or were you, were you there for work, for later reasons? Not where I, I mean nothing about, but I, he just invited me to come and have tea.

But the book was all unusual within his offices. So I went to his offices and we met. And I've come from very engaging and, that was that. So, okay.

So that's how you meet him. So, and again, I don't want to spend a lot of time,. You know, on, on this particular issue, but what happened with your relationship. Over the years from the time you meet him in 1991, up until the time he passed away. Just give the highlights.

Okay. So, I, I was looking up a real estate. So that's how it started. And then in 1991, my father passed away. Take the family and, we lost all our businesses and my family thought that we'd. Be best to pass aid in America because of the intensity of the press and the drama surrounding. And you can decorate the house and decorate something.

And while we're just, with respect to your father, there have been, multiple. Questions about whether he worked for any intelligence agency. Do you have any. Knowledge about that? , I think most certainly my father had, background in intelligence. Doing it because he was, I believe he did in the second novel he was an. Intended, a British intelligence officer.

, I think that might sort of believe. Was that once you've been an intelligence officer, you're kind of always, it doesn't. Mean that you're formally employed, so I don't think my dad in any formal sense was a, you know,. Employed by the any agency, but when, they're very significant, businessmen,. Competition as my father was, you meet with people who are kind and you,. I guess, traitors with ideas. I think if it's out before under that definition,.

That's how I would think it might be certainly, I have no formal knowledge of anything. Specific to you that he did in that thing, but if you're asking me, I think that he did help. People. Yeah. Your father and Mr. Epstein have a business relationship over the years. I know we're maybe jumping around a little bit.

They haven't met. So, as far as you know,. Then everything's met. No, I know they never met. I know they never met. Well, how do you know they never met? Just categorically know they never met.

Well, because. You know, because I was still trying not to be sucked back into the family business,. And I told him that I had met Mr. Epstein. And the reason why I shared that I'd met. Mr. Epstein, because, I believed at that time that Epstein worked for Bastards,.

And with a screenbook. So, my dad can't visit actually in the year, I think,. If I'm not, I mean, I don't think I had this conversation on the phone that I,. I was talking 30 years ago, so I'm not sure. But, if I, I, maybe I told him this,. A screenbook to ask what sort of guy he was, and was he even allowed to, because,. But, so, they never, they never met, but they had, they, they knew some of the.

Same people, sounds like, were certainly the Bear Stearns connection, was something that,. That you, that you knew that they had. No, well, he never had a connection with Epstein,. He had a connection with the bank. I mean, Epstein, I'd never heard of him or you and. Him before, and I certainly, if my dad had known him right, when I said this was who he was,. He didn't know who he was.

So, he rang Ace and he rang Jimmy to ask if it was okay,. Do such a bit. And, one of them was to be, hands on an IRA, kidnapped and murdered. And so, after. That happened, more than a other related, I don't want to bore you with all the horrible. Things in that thing, but, if you want it with details, of course, if I can, but,. After that happened, my father wanted to put a lot of protection in this thing.

And,. I declined. That was a very life-restricted, you know, all of a sudden, I know you understand. That. And, so, he had told me that, you know, taking my life in my hands and,. Whatever. And so, I think after that, you know, it's in several others where I had to be,.

Because, you know, that one has, he was always quite detected. And so, if I met somebody,. He would try and, verify that they weren't going to do anything hideous. And so,. In case you thought it was weird that he would call Jimmy and, Ace, it might, you know,. You may think it is, but in my, from my perspective, he was just because he was. Concerned.

I was in America alone, and he had an opportunity to verify who this person was. And so, I don't know if I was in the room with him. I don't know if it was, but I know. That at some point, my father told me he's fine. You can see him. Yeah. He's safe.

Okay. Well, okay. So, we might come back and touch a little bit more on that at some point, but,. That's helpful. Thank you. So, okay. So, you're, you're now in the 90s, and your friends with.

Mr. Epstein, your house, the decorate in the house, or the apartment, what, what happens. With your relationship? Again, I know we're talking about a 35 year time spirit,.

But to the extent you can kind of, at a very high level, talk about it. So, in 1992, I was talking about one time, and I was like, whoa, that's it. We're going. To be dating, because that's how I thought. And, then I kind of thought of myself in that. Moment, like, because if you, I thought, if you sat in someone, that you were a baby. Thank you.

That's the world I came for. , But that really was, well, that's how. I thought. And, but we didn't sleep together again for, I don't know, really,. We had to compare the time. And then I came.

But years or? Right. , I don't know if you think, yeah, I, I feels, I feels lonely, but maybe. Nine months, I mean, a long time. , I just want to go back. So, I had found,. A house for him to rent in New York, because he would ask me, I'd build a.

Company for my father, and I found one, which was, a former Iranian embassy, I think it was,. I think it belonged to the Iranians, or the Iraqis. Come on. Here we go. And, I didn't know that he had any money, but even it was, I wanted to say it was. I found this house, but I don't think you can include it. It was, of course,.

I feel, we rent it. And that house came with, it was a state department house, because it. That was like the music, and he, he had to go back, and he gave it back to the country. So, he had this house, and I had, moved into a 10 foot, by 10 foot,. Apartment, because all of that stuff had been, I don't know, the prison,. So,. He became a Muslim at that time, because I was, like, everything was about very similar.

To this,. Anyway, so, but I had no teachers house, I had no free access. To this house. And then the entire time that he lived there, which was, like, even to the beginning of. I never slept with someone like him. I have a new book.

So you know, you have to be able to get a new book. But you, oh, so you, you said a minute ago that, the first, that you, slept with him on one. Occasion, and at the time you remember thinking, you know, that this meant you were in a relationship,. But then it didn't, you really were not in that type of relationship. Did that change, between '91 and '92, and years forward? Actually, and then, no, that's not true. Yeah, the house, and probably, she had a house in, Ohio.

Okay. And he had the house in Ohio because, his business relationship with, Mr. Wexner. And he had, and I had to go and decorate, and put that house together. So, you, you stayed, so when you would travel with him to his house is in Palm Beach,. Ohio, or even just traveling, if it was just traveling with him, you would, stay in the same bed. So, sleep in the same bed with him.

Yeah. Okay. So, that's until we already had a, car condition. A car condition. A car condition.

Okay. Well, let's come back. We're going to obviously spend some time, a lot of time on the actual conduct that he was accused of. So, we'll come back for that. So, pick up where you, where you were talking about you traveling around with him. Yeah. Until around '96, that time you just, I believe you said that he was basically your life, like you're with him pretty regularly.

Well, I, no. So, I never was with him. That is one of those miscellaneous. I mean, at the beginning, I did see him all the time, but I worked in his office. So, I would go to the office and I would see him, and I would count in my head when I would see him, and I would count that I would see. That'd be a day that I would see.

But I didn't, I never ever stayed with him. I believe, certainly until '92 and '94, what I didn't know is that I completely stole his actual property, who is, either Anderson, who became either Jimmy. So, they had been together, my understanding. I think about 10 years, I'm not sure, but that's what I think, 10 years. I don't care if that was true, but my family's not true. So, they were staying together, up until, I think, '94, when, at something, in that period, had either met Glenn Dubin, and they got married. I don't even know that when they got married.

But her, she was his husband, and he was everything. He told me that he was rich, that he had married her, and had a child with her. And I know that they, she was kind of, from his whole life. And I think, even, I'm not sure this is true that you guys belong to Mrs. Cooler, when he came from back from Paris, and he arrested him, I don't know if evil is on the plane. Now, I think that either I read it in the, in the discovery that I received, or I saw it somewhere, but even if she wasn't on the plane, there must have been some email communication where she was in Paris at the same time, it would have played that. One of the other, I don't know which one is the correct person, but, so they were still obviously very close, and remains throughout, and had a fact.

He, he was sort of, and so I also know now, which I didn't know at the time, was that he still looks another one. And I know that now, because I can see it from them plate logs, and I know it now, because I can see from the email,. I can see from the emails. So you know from the case that what happened, I didn't know that a lot. So, okay, so just, and we're going to spend time on everything you're talking about, but just to kind of close out big picture your relationship. So, we're now in the late 90s, continue on with, again, saying high level to the extent you can about your relationship with him. So, I believe the first thing that he purchased after was the branch in New Mexico.

And so what he had tasked me with, I think that was purchased in '94, and that. So he had tasked me, one of the things that we did was visit, in my mind, I say, every state, but it wouldn't have been every state, but many states, to go look at real estate. And so, I know we went to Montana, I know we went to Utah, and it was, it was, to go look at real estate, I can't, to be honest. And then I arranged last day going to New Mexico, and he just loved New Mexico. And then, I don't remember how the branch happened, I don't remember that now it's lost. And then he ended up buying the branch in, I think, I'm right, it came from, what the tellers who they have in the government, and bought the branch. And then, I had to deal with that, and dealing with that was the extent.

So, I mean, the way that I was myself, or the way that I think is the best way to explain how it would be my role as a general manager, because each property to me was like, I had held. So, the branch was very challenging, because not only that, but it had be a lemonade. So, to have a lemonade would be a lemonade to have a tackle. And I love lemonade. So, the first thing, of course, is, so I wanted to, again, have a branch. If you're not going to have the things that make it special. So, were you, were you paid by him along the way?

So, I became, I became salaried at some point. That's my memory. I'm going to be gone. And then, with each, as it became all this, because I can't continue, it's going to hurt. And, but it. Did you, and financially, you were not relying on him, the 25, 000, amount you were paid, were you relying on that money to live, and his generosity to live? Would you have your own, your own money?

So, there's a. And again, I, I want to just make sure we're talking about, like, keeping it between, like, the late 90s, you know, maybe, I guess, I'm doing a little bit, 2000s. I just want to hit something on the head right now. There's some tremendous amount of recording inside that I had a, that's not smart. Thank you. A trust fund? I haven't had a trust fund.

So, how did you live, did you live with, with, I mean, 25, 000 is not enough to live on? So, so I had dreams, great time, secret, secret, serious board support, I've come to see. I mean, in relation to my father's class. And, and to establish whether I had been involved in any way that his, business will be, should I get this? , Okay. I've told the story many times, and it's now somewhat hip-hop football, but I'll tell you what it, my memory is, because I received a lesson from them that said,. I had nothing.

That was very, it's never involved in any of his business, whatever. So, that was free. So, but you're, you know, obviously your, your father and your family had a lot of businesses. , Is it because the money, whatever money, equity was in the businesses, just stayed? No, there was no money. So, my father was never attached to money. He was, born a peasant, a real one, dirt floor, no shoes, no clothes, with no sunglasses, but not, you know.

Sorry, I didn't say, nothing. And he never, he was never into that. I mean, there were things that, he had to see extravagances. He loved his boat, and he couldn't. So, obviously, he didn't have money for that, but there was no nothing else. And there was not a single penny that came to any of us, at any time, ever.

Okay, so, so when you're talking about your life with Mr. Epstein in the 90s, you're, you're not, you're, you're very different financially. You're very different financially positioned than he is, meaning he's giving you money. He's paying for your, when you fly, he as soon as days of your flights. Yes.

Okay. , Okay. So, you, you, I interrupted you when you were saying, you were functioning as your manager, you helped with the New Mexico ranch. So, I continued, in 2000, well, in, by 1999, our relationship had found it. And, why? I'd, well, two reasons. We were never sleeping together again.

So, we stopped having sexual relations in 1999. No. Full sex. Sorry. To be clear. We don't mean that we didn't still share events, but really some times we weren't there. , He had another girlfriend.

Quite the girlfriend's. , I defended, he knew that it was over, after 9/11, actually. Because, we were both in New York. And I don't know, is he in New York? And, 9/11. Yeah. , And it was a scary time to, you know, you didn't know, I didn't know, nobody knew what was going on.

At all? I saw his mum, everyone very close to losing the hospital at Lennox Hill. And then I knew, because I didn't even do it at that time, he was not going to be there for someone to know, and maybe he never was going to be there. Are you, though, still on his, are you still being paid by him at this point? Yes. , Okay, so, so, go ahead. So, what, what, you, at that point, when you say you realize, kind of,.

Well, let me, I'm talking about the, the, I had, there was a, I wanted to get married. And, Ed still had encouraged me to believe that we, I don't know about them. So, the, by the late 90s, I knew the marriage thought it was never going to happen. I had believed that maybe, in '19, '77, maybe, but then I realized it wasn't that.

But I did think that we might have a child, which was what I had really wanted to do. , And, I realized it. So, okay, so, what happens between 2001 and then 2019, what's your relationship with him? So, give or take 2001. So, we stopped having a physicality. I mean, that doesn't mean you weren't friends. I certainly did stay sometimes in this room.

I mean, friends who benefit you are, just not sex. So, just don't. , And, I started dating, and I met someone that I, very much ended up in 2000. , His name was Ted White. , Ted White, who I know as the founder of David, coaches. No. Well, indirectly, I suppose you could say, you know, they never met.

, I was, as a dinner where I met Ted, but it wasn't. And, at Steam, I have to blame him. , And I was a dinner, and Ted came to the dinner. So, I guess, indirectly, soon, and so it was, his brain, but I'd been there anyway without him. I had, it was not that I was asking on the plane when you guys were. , That trip? Yes.

Oh, well, yes. So when you say, the dinner was well, it was well. Okay. Okay. And so the, you had flown over with, like, so who was on the plane? That trip? I don't mean everybody.

When you said Mr. Upson was on the plane? Yes. You were on the plane? Yes. , Who else? That you can remember.

I'm not, you know, you only know what you remember. President Clinton on the plane? , David, he would have had his, guy, Duncan, Vance, and then Jason Cooper, where he had to get to. Well, it was, I don't think Ted would have been there had it not been a, it was a President Clinton dinner, and Ted came with President Clinton not to do with Mr. Epstein,? Yes. That's why I say that.

Okay. So you're, you're, so in the time that you're dating, that you're with him to 2009, are you still working for Mr. Upson during that time? Yes, sir.

So here's, so, I believe you say that Jackie tried very hard, he started trying very hard to keep me, to work with Harry, because, I mean, this is a complex opportunity. I'm not talking about anything, until just, as she sighs of her project, I'm thinking about construction projects, the houses, the staff, it's a, it's a really significant journey. And I ran all the properties, the staff in the property, the management of the properties, that, and the construction. But it, it was, these are very significant projects. And so, that was what I did, and I managed the budget. Well, not, I didn't manage the budget, so I just wanted to make sure that, if you said you bought an out there, a very conditionally important, I saw an air conditioning car, and I can call the, the island manager, did you receive the carrier, whatever, you know. I wanted to say 9 to 6, 9 to 7, something like that.

So in 2009, you end your relationship with Ted. Okay. So in that time period, what happens next, as far as your relationship with Mr. Epstein? You don't have one of them, like, you don't see him, or it's just a different relationship.

But I was not seeing him. The only time that I was in touch with him was when things happened, like things I knew in the press, but effectively, when the CBRA case was filed, and then the rubbish that went out, because I didn't get information, because I didn't know, I didn't know anything about what was happening, and I needed stuff. A town, I didn't expect him to replace that. I didn't mean his health. I meant to have answers, so that I had an ability to defend myself. I'm not doing anything about it. When does that relationship change?

So you're working, you talked about when the physical relationship stopped, and then you're still working for him, or with him, managing his properties, and being serving as a general manager. You then start your own relationship with another individual, with Ted, from 2003 to 2009 or 2010. At what point in that whole period is there more of a break, where you're no longer acting as his general manager? I wanted to have a full break when I started dating Ted, and he was clever. I suppose it would be true to say that I would sort of do this actually in that place, with a family of people, like someone I could rely on, and I should have had the confidence in myself. I can see that now, but at the time, given everything that had happened in my life, I thought that it was, and I saw how his voice were other people, like either, who seemed to be very comfortable, and I thought this would be, and he always said I was like family, so he worked hard to maintain a relationship with me, he was generous with me. Todd, I don't know, we've been going for maybe about an hour now.

It's a good time. So we'll take a break. All right, so we're going to take a break. The time is 10. 56. We're continuing the proper interview with Ms. Maxwell, the time is 11.

07 A. M. On Thursday, July 24. All right, so just picking up where we just stopped.

So you have basically a break. Well, not a break. That's the wrong word, but your relationship with Mr. Maxwell, professional and other changes in 2003. Yeah, I mean, over the time that I stay with Ted, the more time I'm with Ted, the more distance I have with him. And then when the arrest, well, let's go back, when he went over, whatever happened in 2005 and he became arrested in 2000.

So when he's charged and arrested in what we'll call the Florida investigations, that's what you're talking about. Okay, go ahead. So I had, I was not in, well, part of that investigation. Did law enforcement ever talk to you as far as that? Did you, like, the feds never talked to you? The FBI never talked to you. No, not as far as I'm aware.

Now, if they did, I don't know it. And I have, I have no idea about that, to be honest. But I'm not aware of it. And I would say no.

But maybe you guys do things that I don't know. So how did, how did you learn of that case when Mr. Epstein was arrested? Or did you know that something was happening before then? The first thing I knew was he had told me he was deciding to redecorate the house and in Palm Beach. But, but that time, are you doing, are you, like he tells you because he wants your help or your relationship change by this time where you were no longer kind of acting as, as his general manager? No, I was, I was still around.

I wasn't gone. I was with Ted. I was traveling. I wasn't daily. If you'd asked me where he was in any given time, I'm not sure I would have known them. I mean, it was, I felt like, I suppose the relationship moved into sort of like a long-term friend, family, you know, like, like I felt he had with Eva, if I'm honest. Yeah, okay.

So, so he says to you, he's going to redecorate the Palm Beach house. He asked me specifically which decorator he thinks he should use because I had a lot of contacts with decorators and he was not very good with people. And he was useless at maintaining relationships with people who work for him. I'm not. So, anyways, I recommended, I think I recommend it. I can't be 100% sure because it's a long time, but I think I recommended Mark Zeph at that time.

Okay. But, I ended up in Palm Beach and he had asked me to come and look at the swatches he was doing because they had laid it all out over the house and various things. And I think he'd ask for my opinion. That's my memory of this. It may also be that Ted and I were going to Palm Beach because Ted had a golf match or something. There was a reason I was in Palm Beach. It wasn't so leaf.

I don't, maybe that's not true either. I don't know. So, there's a, you know, sometimes I went to Palm Beach because Ted was there. I don't know if that's part of that time, or the Ted went there and left me. I don't know. Something.

Anyway, I was there. No, that's not about that either. No. Anyway, at some point in that time, I saw all the swatches at some point in 2005, I think that was. And then I believe I don't remember. I think I got a phone call, actually. I wasn't in Palm Beach.

I think I got a phone call that there was a police at his house or something. Definitely not him. Okay. I think it would have been the house.

So when that happens, whenever it was, that's kind of the first time you know that Mr. Epstein's being investigated for. I didn't even understand. Okay. I didn't have a context for that. It was like, I didn't even know. I didn't know.

I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. I'm not sure what I thought. I was like, after you find out about it, what happens with your relationship? I asked him. I asked him what was going on.

And he said, " Not to worry. Nothing. Nothing. Take care. Don't worry about it. ". And then it would work quite.

I didn't even say, didn't share. I wasn't part of it at all. I was off with Ted and I really just. So that case goes on. Ultimately, it ends. What was a relationship like with him during that case when he goes. And he goes, " I'd like you to stay on board to manage the properties, animals, this and that, and just stay put and not continue to pay you in case there's any emergency I don't trust anyone.

". Well, and you said continue to pay you. And he couldn't. He'd never stop paying me.

So even when your relationship changes, you're getting. Does the amount increase from the 25, 000 or so a year in the beginning? Like, well, how much are you getting paid yearly? I think it ended at the time. Well, we have different payment structures, and I'm happy to explain how that was.

But I think salary-wise, if I'm right, it ended around a quarter of a million a year. A quarter of a million, 250, 000. And when did it end? When was that? 2008 Or 9?

Okay. So, and over the years, it increased from what you said, what you thought, about 25, 000 to 250, 000. That's between, like, early '90s until 2009 or '10, whatever he stopped. Is that right? Yes. And how were you paid? W2.

W2, from what company? He just booed me around over to this company that I didn't care. And I didn't understand any rhyme or reason, it doesn't matter. And do you do that? I do. We'll not manage everything, no. I mean, there are other people at this point.

So, it's a great role, then, was very, very diminished. I reviewed the bill structure that came from the constructions, it was still me, the island. And wherever else I was going, Paris, at this point, because I speak French, I'm fluent in French. And also, my relationship was with French decorator, it was critical to him. In the triangle, and that he trusted. Did you not steal from him? So, when he gets out of jail, between that time, 2009 and 2010, and 2019, what's your relationship.

I had just moved on, and I just didn't want to have anything. I don't think there were any trips. Oh, I don't think so. Where were you living during that time period? Which time period? I was back in New York. So, you had no.

So, you had phone calls with him on occasion? Yes. Well, I certainly did. And I did email him at that time for those types of details. It was like, what do I do? I mean, that's right. And then, when he's charged in New York, federally, how did you learn about that case?

And had you, as far as you know, been contacted by law enforcement for his arrest? No. I wasn't in an indictment. No, I know that, but even as a witness, or asking you if you would give documents or materials. Honestly, I don't, I want to say until he had died. I'm pretty sure that happened, right?

But my understanding is that they had not shown any interest. No, Sam. Look at the subject of New York. And that they had been in regular, in touch with them.

But now you're talking about after Mr. Epstein died, or are you talking about before he died? I think. If you can't remember. My memory is that they were in touch with them when he was arrested. I don't know if anything happened until after his death, then after that. I don't think they saw them, met with them.

The sub-district of New York, I'm talking about now, until after he died. I know that they were in regular telephone contact with them, and that my lawyers believed. That they had been told that there was no interest in me. But maybe stand is too big a word, but surprised. I certainly was.

Okay, so that was a long description of what was a very long life, and that was very helpful. So I want to go back and talk more specifically now about particular areas, but that was a very helpful kind of foundation for us. The first thing I want to talk about, you talked about earlier on about Mr. Epstein's financial success. Do you know how he, when you first meet him at some point, you say, " I got this place for you. I can tell you what he told me.

So I know that he was hired from working at a private school whose name eludes me at this point. But Dalton, he was working at Dalton and was a math teacher. And he met, I think it was Ace, I'm not sure. He met someone from Bear who hired him because he was very good at math. And I believe that he then worked on creating a trading of, just describe what it's about. Not as systems so much, but as a, as a, as a vehicle, a trading vehicle. And this is why he was working at Bear.

So this is what he told you. This is what he told me, himself. Do you know that? To be true or no? Jay Epstein and company, you ever heard that? Yeah, yes. So, hang on a minute.

So I, this I did not know, but this I had subsequently learned is that he had some problem or some issue at Best Times. And there was some, I don't know, disagreement. He wasn't fired. It was obviously, he was still very friendly with Ace and with Jimmy, at least by the time I met him. Well, working with him and he ran, he had money at Best Times.

But he started, he told me himself that he started a business where he looked for stolen money. So, if somebody, let's see. I'm trying to think of some intelligent way to say it, but I can't think of anything. I've been with, not read out. I'll, I'll give it to you.

So let's say you have El Chapo. Where he comes from. But anyway, we've got El Chapo. And he moves it to wherever.

So he's got stolen money from the similar lower goes to it. I'm just. I'm just coming up with something in my head. And we'll go and find the billion dollars and we'll take a portion of the money that was stolen at the fee and give back. I mean, that would be on a percentage basis. Like what you just described, which I appreciate, which is, I don't know. Practically speaking, he was more of a businessman.

So here's how I think it started is that he had a girlfriend. He had to go to always to the girls. Maybe not whilst we're here, but I don't know. And he, she was the daughter of a billionaire, for instance. I think that's how that business started. That's what I remember. And is that something he told you about or something that happened while you knew him?

No, something he told me before I met him. He doing to make money that you see? Does he have famous clients? And how, if he does have clients, what services he's providing them? He does have, well, obviously there's the one very famous client that everybody talks. About, which is Les Wexner. And that was a very important client to him.

About what he managed for Les? Yep. I wanted to just make, you understand, I was not part of everything's business world,. Except tangentially and obviously.

So what I'm talking about is what I observed or what I overheard or what I saw within. The business, but I wasn't responsible for any of the clients' money or anything like that. So it's separate. Yep, I understand.

So with Les, for instance, it was really all encompassing. I know that. And I was in business meetings with him on the plane when they were there. So I could observe and I could hear some of this. And whilst I'm not necessarily terribly business sophisticated, I'm sophisticated enough. To be able to at least have some knowledge of what was happening.

So then he restructured the business. He restructured his entire personal finances and would also handle all of the investment. Strategy. I don't know if it was 100 percent. Sorry, yes. I thought this is all Wax that I'm talking about now.

So let's say you had a billion dollars to invest. Verse. Him in percentages. So there would be a deal. Did you understand it to be like a flat fee? Was he a business partner?

So let's say this is a conversation that Epstein told me. So it illustrated for me. So if I saved someone$ 5 billion, he would take a flat percentage of that$ 5 billion. So you think that is up because you heard him talking about that? It would be a combination of both. I certainly told me that. And I heard him talk to people like that.

I couldn't. No. No. Did he give Mr. Waxner a gift of property in New York to Mr. Epstein?

So I don't know what the business deal was. Because again, I'm not part of his business thing. But I think what happened would be that let's say he best owed him in theoretically for. His services$ 100 million it was.

But do you know that happens? Do you remember whether there were conversations about that? Or are you just thinking that could be one way that it happened? I'm not sure. And I'm not trying to, I just don't remember if that's something I know or if that's something. That I remember or if it's something that I subsequently know. I believe that to be what happened.

But I don't want to tell you that I have. I think I wasn't there. And I don't know how it happened. I know what less is said in the press. What you've kind of read, not from any first-hand knowledge. You weren't there. You weren't part of that.

And so you don't know anything about whatever business relationship they may have had, Mr. Epstein. Never spoke about him, never mentioned it. I only learned about that, whatever that is. I don't even know what the truth is of that story from the press. How about Leon Black? Do you know Leon?

When do you remember, and again, I know we're talking about apparently and so ago,. But do you remember approximately when you met him? Friends of mine. How Leon and Epstein became really good friends, I'm not sure.

But not through you, as far as you're talking. Not through me as far as I know. I'm sure that's not through me. Do kind of work Mr. Epstein was doing for Mr. Black over the years? So, we just talked about two individuals.

And again, I know we're talking about maybe a 15-year time period or even longer. Well, why don't I just give you the names that I remember? Elizabeth Johnson, Johnson and Johnson. As far as you know, when did the relationship between Mr. Johnson and Mr. Epstein start? Yes, we're talking '90s, we're talking about when I was there.

How did the relationship start? I don't know how he became that friendly boy. He ended up managing her money. I mean, I really had a separate life.

But it wasn't from you? No, it was not. You have to understand, it went down to tiny details. I remember, this I remember, this is an actual memory, that he would make the contracts for the mates, for the people who worked in their homes.

So he would assist his clients at times with, you're saying, with even small things, like contractual relations. He said no detail was too small, because everything that affected how they lived and how they managed their life was something that he felt he was, if they wanted it would be responsible for, to make sure that the contracts,. So that if you had to fire someone, it wouldn't come back to sue you, or that sort of thing. Yeah, I do know Jess. Who's that? He was, that woman standing, and at bar case. What, do you know whether he and Mr.

Epstein had a relationship? Well, not a physical one. I didn't suggest it. No, I'm saying a relationship in the broader sense of word, business, personal, both. Yes, both.

Okay, and do you know when they met? No, I, no, I don't know when they met. , But you can time it. No, I don't know that you can. No, I don't know. So, but what was the nature of their relationship as far as you know? I think they were friends, and I think that they were business partners.

More partners, too strong a word, but they were, they did business together. So, did you, again, I want to stay focused on the time when you were the most involved in his life. And the beginning of the 2000s, yes. Did you, so we talked about four people, so were there more? Oh, yes, I was more. Can I get my book? Maybe I wrote them down.

Sure. What book are you, what is that? Okay, great. Is that right? I just was curious what we're looking at. Not the birthday book. It's not the birthday book.

No, we're going to come to that, I'm sure. I just want you to understand, my memory is not as good as it was because when I was in Brooklyn,. I was in the shoe for almost two years, and I was on suicide watch for almost two years,. Which meant that they woke me up every 15 minutes for the entire time. I understand. I just made some names in advance of it. And then you're happy to look at them.

It's not. One is Wexner, two is daily, three is Lee on black. Who's that? Okay. What was there? I mean, if you can -- do you know about when that relationship started? Well, it wouldn't have been before they got married, for sure.

So we were going to start going to date that from wherever that was. A hybrid to JPMorgan. Okay. There's a woman -- well, he -- there's a woman in Ohio. I just can't think of her name, but it will -- I tried to remember it yesterday.

So this is a good thing, like, you know, as you think of things, write it down. Yeah. So you'll have time to think about this, especially today, this afternoon, overnight,. I mean, if you basically find a billionaire, a female.

So the woman in Ohio was wealthy. That was huge. So you can find her because it'll be in the museum. So that's her.

So he -- that was one of Mr. Epstein's clients. She was one of Mr. Epstein's clients. Yes. , Well, I think that there was people -- other people that he would, like, assist. , I know that he helped Lynn Forrester, who became Lynn DeRoth child.

And when you say help, the same help in business, or what will help with it? I have no idea what he did for her, I know he helped her financially. So -- but I don't -- again, I'm not inside his business. I don't believe that to be true. Why didn't -- so you say you don't believe it to be true, but show me why I think that. And I know you've been talking about it, that he was very -- he was very conscientious. He was very good at math.

He was -- took -- paid a lot of attention to his clients, but -- but yes, you're right. Involved in what he did. And you don't believe it. Well, I -- let me rephrase that. If there was fraud, I never saw it. What I saw, or what I felt, when I -- his -- I ran the office. I mean, Brian, I didn't -- I was responsible for the staff.

They were lawyers. They were accountants. I never heard him. I never -- I never felt anything -- I don't know, icky. About that. We can talk about that now. There are a lot of allegations about him, which we should talk about, and we can do.

That now, and the fact that he abused young women. Yes. Which means the way that I'm defining abuse, as has been why the reporter, is that -- that. He would cause young women in high school to be recruited to come to his house and. Give them massages, and the port of -- and as part of that, he would sexually abuse. Yes.

So I want to talk about that, but as it relates to black male, the question is whether. You're aware of any time that any of the individuals we're talking about, and we'll. Talk about others, receive massages from women who are under 18, or may have been. Under 18, and that whether there was any sexual assaults or sexual contact between. Potentially, to black male them, and say, you have to continue to work with me, or. To give me money, or else I'm going to tell the world that you did this. I think this is a really good place to start with how this story began.

Okay. So even -- let's assume that premise is correct, that he was doing that, and he. Was going to tell everybody, you know, going to say, oh, you know, you have. Been in appropriate relations with an underage girl, if you don't have video. Or photographic evidence, I'm not sure that even the FBI would take that -- well,. Maybe today, but certainly not back then -- would take that seriously.

So you have to have something to say, hey, you know, look, I've got this video. Of you doing terrible things, and you need to. I put the -- the electricians in for the wiring. Private area of a home. In a room where there were massages given? I would say I would define appropriate surveillance to be the front door of a house,. Or potentially as in 71st Street, the physical plant.

But when you say the houses, you're talking about his New York brownstone. Yes. You're talking about the island in the Caribbean. Yes. You're talking about the residence in Palm Beach. And you're talking about the ranch in New Mexico. Yes.

And then Paris. I'm playing. -- With a plane that was about my turn. Yes. I didn't have any electricity on the plane.

So unequivocally, from what you know, and you only know what you know. I only know what I know. But from what you know, you do not believe a camera exists, or a video camera,. Or a camera that takes pictures inside any of his residences. Correct.

So even the appropriate cameras that you just talked about,. Did you know whether there was any cameras that you're aware of inside any of the locations? Never. With one exception.

Okay. And the reason -- so in Palm Beach, Epstein was having money stolen. He called him the Palm Beach Police, and they, the Palm Beach Police, installed cameras. Where was that, do you remember?

So the house on the ground floor was -- he had a desk sort of in a corner. I think there was another camera. I think there were two or maybe three cameras. I believe only on the ground floor, wherever he may have had. When was this? I think I can date it for you precisely, actually. 2003, I'm pretty firm on that date.

And he was my thief. Money from Mr. Epstein, you're not aware of any cameras at the island. You were not in your head, no. Myself, I would consider normal. The garage gate, something like that, a front door. There were cameras inside in the 71st street that did the plant, the physical plant,.

The commercial building. That's a real thing, that's a commercial building. Front door, as I recall, but there were no other cameras inside the house. How about photographs? Anybody in compromising positions with women or with anybody? Did you ever hear, when you were president for conversations Mr. Epstein was having or others were having, anybody accused him of blackmailing.

Them or of trying to extort them because of something Mr. No. There have been, and you, you, in the discovery you got in the New York. Case. Yes. Epstein, have you ever been given or been ever been told that video exists. Like what we're talking about or photos were taken that were compromising?

The civil case. I never saw anything, I don't know how old some of these women were. There were definitely some of the victims from Palm Beach that photographs. Were there any of the people you've talked about? Were there men with the victims or were they just photographs of the. Where they just photographs of the victims. They would be stand alone for want of a better word, like modeling shots.

If you were, if you were, I don't know. Pictures that Epstein had with the girls, but not Epstein with the. Clients and the girls. Correct. Did you, I understand you said you got those in the discovery. That Mr. Epstein had on his computer or wherever he had them.

Some of them, absolutely, because they were in his house. I mean there was, I've never seen some of them. I accept that having video or photographs of somebody famous or powerful in a. So separate, putting aside what you've said about the fact that you. Don't know of any existence of those. Did you observe over the years the folks we're talking about or others,. Which we can talk about, getting massages from young women?

So I just, I think it's really helpful to understand a few things that. Has been missed in this whole Michigan. I thought about this obviously a lot and I've given it some, so this is the. Benefit of, some benefit of what I saw and some benefit of what I now think.

So just for clarity's sake. I think, I just want to say for the record that I do believe that. Our team did a lot of, not all, but some of what he's accused of. And I'm not here to defend him in any respect. I don't want to and I don't think he requires nor deserves any type of. Protection or for me in any way to sugarcoat what he did or didn't do. So, that's that.

However, the man I met and the man he became. I believe that there is a progression. And I don't think that the man I met is the man that he became. I believe he became that man over a period of time. Now, we can discuss anything you want and I'll tell you everything I know.

But I think somebody who has an interest, however you define that in. Underage people is obviously someone who is unwell. But I don't think that you wake up one day and you start doing what he's. Accused of. I think this is something that you, the develop, or you progress to. I think. Glenn, before you get into all that, let's answer the top line question and then get into it.

Okay, the top line question is, did you ever see any of these people with. No, no. So the reason I'm saying that is not to avoid that question. But it's because by the time we were talking in the 90s, I don't think he was there. There's that description. I think that this, what you were talking about is a later version. Yeah.

Does that, is that? No, I understand that. And I do want to talk. I'm not.

So it's just, I think you need to separate the periods of time. Because it, this, one of the things that was definitely missing in my trial, and definitely. Missing from the narrative, is this notion, this, everything happened. And he was always, but no, I, I don't believe that to be true. So, I'm, that's, that's fine. And I do want to talk about that. I'm not, I'm not pushing that away.

I'm just putting it aside for a moment. What Mr. Epstein did, and, and frankly what, what you did, or accused of doing, is one. Thing that I, that we'll talk about.

But what right now, what I want to understand is, is whether, one of the ways that Mr. So I think in the 90s, he may have encouraged them, but these were people who were in. Their 20s or 30s. So, so, so he would have a masseuse, right, and who did. Male and female, by the way, in the 90s, that's not been discussed. Both in yoga, there were men as well as women. And so if he would travel, and I can show them to you, I highlighted them on the flight record,.

So you could see that there really were men that were also there. He would say, would you like to do yoga with Tito, or would you like a massage with this one? But they would be in their late 20s, and professional masseuses. So, so I think there's a distinction. And I want to talk about actual individuals here, but, and I understand the distinction. Between somebody who's an adult, and someone who's underage.

But even with somebody who's an adult, did you know Mr. Epstein to encourage folks to do that,. With it, I certainly witnessed him, so if he was staying with him and you had a massage,. That he would often travel with a masseuse. He would say, hey, would you like a massage? And he could do that, yes.

But would you or him or anybody else follow up with the masseuse afterwards. I never did. No. So, meaning, and then coming back to the blackmail issue, there's nothing wrong with getting massage, of course not. Especially, you know, especially if somebody's obviously an adult masseuse. I'm not equipping with that. My question is that there's a lot of accusations that one of the way Mr.

Maxwell, I'm sorry Mr. Epstein was successful,. Was through this idea of blackmail. And yes, young women, and is a crime, children are, is a crime. To get massages and have inappropriate sexual contact with a masseuse, that's a separate issue. I never did, absolutely. Myself.

I never heard him ask someone. I never, I never heard that. I never know. In the entire time I was with him or friends with him or had anyone,. And when you say no one ever reported to me, meaning like the masseuses or any of the house staff or the clients.

Okay. So, so let's, again, I want to stay, and coming back now to what you were talking about a moment ago,. Which are two different issues, but both important, with respect to recruiting masseuses,. To come to either, I guess, Palm Beach or to travel or eventually New Mexico. He asked me to find masseuses. He asked me if I could find him masseuses. So, the first person I believe that I introduced him to as a masseuse was somebody called s***.

She was, I don't know, late 20s. Professional masseuses. Was this something that happened early on in your relationship or, and again, I know we're talking about the '90s,. But are we talking about early '90s or is this later on? , Because of physical therapy and massage. That to me is a very, it's medicinal for me. So, Epstein, whatever, his massage situation, whatever, he loved massage.

And if I met somebody who I thought was a good masseuse or masseur, I introduced them. And he, because I got that many asked me if I did, and I said yes, and that's, I'm pretty sure that would have,. No, I can't remember, 93, 92, from the beginning. So, so go ahead.

So then what happens over the next, you know, like, there's, there's a ton of writing and a ton of, I guess, testimony as well,. That he was a part of, and others, to try to find more and more masseuses. What, is that, is that true and what role did you have in that? , That is partially true. So, it is true that I am a masseuse, and he became more insistent, he, he, he liked new all the time. He got bored. So, he would be bored with a masseuse, and he would say, find me a new masseuse.

I am the entire opposite. If I find someone that I like, I stay with them. I'm like, I don't want new. He would drive for new. So, that is true. And in my effort to find them, I would go to massage, that's sparse, like legitimate sparse. Not, we're not talking, you know, funky ones.

, And I, if I got a massage from somebody in a spa, that was, I liked, I liked. I asked them if they would do home visits, if they said yes. I would ask them to come to the house, and he would see if he liked them or not. I never asked for a certificate. I never crossed, I never, no, that was never my, that was never a drive. What, what did you know at the time about Mr. Epstein, requiring masseuses to be naked, or require masseuses to, either perform sexual favors for Mr.

Epstein, or to be there, Mr. Epstein masturbated, or things like that. And again, I'm asking you about a 15-year period, a 10-year period. So, I appreciate that's a very broad question. So, answer it in a way that, you know, addresses what you've been charged with doing, but also what's been said about you.

But I believe the, the, subject is the, the question that you're asking me, I believe started in the 2000s. So, in the 2000s time period. Yes, 2000s. Why do you, why do you think, like, what, what in your mind makes you think that that's the time that it started? , I think because in, December of 2001, he met. And I think, was, responsible for that in its entirety. And the reason I believe that.

So, this, she, she was a, self-confessed, having been sexually abused as a young girl. And was trained, her words, I'm quoting now, not mine, in all the arts of whatever that is, the sex program. By, a man called Romack Pinger, who was her pimp. From when she was 14, I believe, or 15, I don't know. And in her book, describes him training her to be what every man wants in all its manners, fellatio, else. I believe that then what happened was that he met her, and she came as a masseuse to his house in December of 2001, is when I think it started. Now, what their relationship was and what happened with them in that early period of time, I cannot say.

What I can say is that he liked her, and she started to travel with him at that time period. I believe, I know then what happened was that she, when she first started to see him, or first came into his orbit, as his. , She was, engaged to be married and wearing an engagement ring, and was living with her fiancee. , She broke up after a few months, with her fiancee, and took up with the local drug dealer. So, let's say, after four or five months of, in the time period, when she was seeing, Epstein, let's say, we're now, May, June of 2002. From, whenever she hits the, whatever that is, if that's 2000, I think it's 2000, I'm sorry, I think it's when she met him, December of 2000. So, then you go through, I don't remember, you'll have to work.

, I'm not holding you to the exact date. No, I mean, I'm just trying to, I'm getting the, so then, I think, so she, she takes up with the local drug dealer, and she becomes, drugy, drugy. And she had a warrant out for her arrest. Now, they suck peas together, because this piece I didn't know. And he sent her to Thailand to get the massage therapy license. This is the bit that I guess. This is the bit that I extrapolated in the period of time from when she came back to when she left.

He asked her to replace herself as his masseuse, whatever she was doing. And she brought the first replacement for her that would have been one of the accusers, in my case, I think, would have been. And that, and then everyone who came subsequent. So, simultaneously, if she wasn't the first, I don't know, everyone, every single person who came to his house came through. And her boyfriend, Tony, and then whoever else went to me. And that is how it started. So, before, Tony Figaro, Tony Figaro was her boyfriend.

So, now, going back into the '90s, you don't believe that Mr. Epstein was abusing masseuses on her age. Or, over age. I mean, I think, well, I'm using abuse in the broadest sense of word because I'm assuming that you said that you have no idea over the years. So, when I'm talking about abuse, I'm even talking about an adult masseuse who comes in to give massage, and is told to take off their clothes, told they're not going to get paid, or kept their clothes, basically suggested they had to watch him masturbate. Like, the things that have been publicly said about what he did, for now, I'm not distinguishing an adult or young or underage women for that, I'm saying. I'm going to think that would have been a habit.

And I think that means that I'm sure that he didn't suddenly start having relations with masseuses in 2002. Who knows when? You're saying that as far as you sit here today, you would describe that as consensual, meaning the masseuse did this willingly. I saw him with lots of masseuses. So, based on my observation, I don't think that if you are being raped, as now he's saying, it's prolific. I just can't imagine why you would return. It's not what you observed at the time.

Not what I observed at the time. But just going back to kind of the question that I started with in this area, which is that it ties into the blackmail issue. So, we talked about people that were as clients, and you've mentioned President Clinton, and then early on --. Oh, I never said he was a client. I did not say he said. I'm saying, " Will you talk about his clients? ".

And then he puts his clients off the side. And then you mentioned some other people you mentioned, President Clinton. President Trump, early on. So, the early '90s? It was in the '90s.

Okay. Congress momentum. Say it again. Okay. And Henry Rosofsky, who was the Provost at Harvard, I don't think. Sure. Joe Pagano.

Jerry Goldsmith. Ace. I mean, there were --. No, he didn't know them in the '90s. Didn't know him in the '90s. Oh, well. Is that right?

I wouldn't have learned that. I do not know. So, I don't want you to worry about the exact dates. You're not positive about that, but you don't have a specific recollection of that being in the '90s. Yeah. I'm not going to date it for you, I think.

But I can't give you --. That's okay. That's fine. But just with respect to Mr. -- With respect to the individuals you just talked about. So, again, focus on the '90s. So, we're talking about the clients that he worked with, which you've mentioned several of.

And I know that there wasn't exhaustive, but you've mentioned several of them. And then, the kind of -- what I call famous friends, but the prominent individuals that. Massages, all of them --. Henry -- Henry was obviously received a massage. He told me. You know whether that -- whether there was any -- whether the masseuse was naked during. I doubt it.

I doubt it. He was like in his eighties. Okay. So, but do you know -- not what's heading his age. Is that again? Do you know whether, for example, President Clinton never received a massage? I don't believe he did.

Well, because I don't -- so, that's a good question. The time that Epstein and President Clinton spent together the only time, I believe. Well, obviously they traveled. The -- you know, they came and went on the plane 26 times all of it. That would be one journey. So, they spent time on the plane together, and I don't believe there was ever a massage. On the plane.

So, that would have been the only time that I think that President Clinton could have. Even received a massage, and he didn't. Because I was there. And you mentioned that early -- in the very beginning of the conversation, you mentioned. President Trump in the early '90s. Yes. Well, I just wanted to say, for my relationship with President Trump, relationship is a big word.

Yep. Also, my father liked him very much, and he loved -- really liked his wife as well,. So that is the sum and substance of my entire relationship with him. What about Mr. Epstein's relationship with him? I don't know how they met, and I don't know how they became friends. Was that in social settings, or was that in private settings?

I don't recall any private settings. So from whenever it turned into the club, I went there, and I was -- loved going there. Did you go there alone, or with Mr. Epstein? I believe he did, but again, we really -- he didn't take me with him all the time. He never -- I never -- well, he did. Sometimes time, but he would go alone.

I certainly did. Yes. And there's photographs of -- I think you're -- you're in some of the photographs as well. Those all appear to be social settings. Yes. I don't know if he had -- whatever the nature of the President's friendship,. Or however you wanted to find out with Epstein, I was never witness.

I think they were friendly, like people are in social settings. I don't -- I don't think they were close friends or I certainly never witnessed the. I never saw the President in any type of massage setting. I never witnessed the President in any inappropriate setting in any way. The President was never inappropriate with anybody. In the times that I was with him, he was a gentleman in all respects. When's the last time you think you saw in person, President Trump?

Inappropriate with masseuses or with anybody in your world? Absolutely never. In any context. I'm not asking for what you may have read, but at the time, from your personal. Knowledge, you know that's true. I don't -- I don't recall. Is it possible?

Yes. But I don't remember -- I don't remember that. So I don't want to -- I don't recall that, but it's possible. Okay, so what I think we should do now, it's about 12. 15.

Okay. Good afternoon. Okay. We're still focused on the '90s time period with understanding that could spill over. The 2000s, but still that part of your life with Mr. Epstein.

So can you talk about the frequency with which you went there and address some of the. Reporting, namely around young masseuses or young women who would be present and what. So if I'm right, he purchased the island in 1996, and he was friendly with the owners,. And originally we went to the island as guests of the owners, and then I guess at some point.

So the island was very rustic. Of course, that's completely different ideas, and I would say there was none of what you. Were describing at that early period of time. We would go all the time, mostly all the early phase was based on improvements that could. Be made on the island, always going with new architects, new designers, new construction. I'd say the first two years, almost every trip, not everyone, but almost every trip. There would be a masseuse or a yoga person, but now he started to travel with more.

It was always like maybe the word would be entourage, but these were always people. In the late 20s, early 30s, as my memory sees it, as I observe that time. And he tasked me with finding local masseuse for him in St. Thomas, because sometimes,. Even though I say he would always travel with an entourage, sometimes he didn't,. And in St. John.

And if I met someone, a man or a woman actually, because it was difficult to find somebody. In St. Thomas, it's not exactly, you know, so, and I did find a couple of people. Who would come, so that's how they came. Because also it was a schlep, so if you had somebody who came, it would be,. You'd have to, you know, boat ride in several hours, it wasn't just, it's not. Arriving with your massage lately, stuff, so there was that, so I did do that.

So did, over the years, males also get massages, no supremacy? Yes, I did say, I don't think, at the beginning, definitely, and I would say,. Towards, sort of, again, late 90s, I don't remember any men. They were at the beginning, I think, in that, towards the late 90s,. I kind of think of any men, I only think of women. Did you, you talk about entourage flying, right now we're talking about. To the island, did you observe any sexual, I was going to say,.

Misconduct, any sexual, any sex at all, whatsoever, on the plane? Was there a part of the plane that was closed off from others where Mr. Yeah, okay, so that's a, that's a good question. So there were two planes.

So you had the, there was a gold stream, that's an open plan. So anything, I mean, there was a sofa that turned into a bed,. And he did sleep on that, and then, but in the Boeing, which he flew on a lot,. There would be, there was a bedroom and an office.

So if that door was shut, you wouldn't see it. Engaging in sex or getting a massage with somebody, with whether. The misuse was not closed on the plane? , I can't say that. In the, I'm sure I did, but it's not, I can't. That's correct. , I'm, I'm absolutely sure I did.

When you ask me about massages, you want to be clear, I generally,. What, what I think of that is somebody on a massage table. But other people might think of it as something different. I saw that all the time that I did. How, again, I know what we're talking about a decade long period,.

But during the period we're talking about, in a seven day week,. How often would Mr. Epstein get a massage? In the 90s, when we're talking, he would get one every day. I do want to say that there was, maybe a reason that things. Altered or moved or progressed. , And, it is maybe part of the reason also that I,.

And I believe that started in, the late 90s. And, I believe that the FBI has his medical records,. And you may see that on his medical records. So you, you, you believe that he started taking testosterone in the 90s. Or that was just one part of, of, of what changed about him. Well, he became more aggressive. Nice.

And I think that he may be, well, now I'm just,. Or something, the, the second part. Let's focus on that time period. , Did you know flat out that he was, having sex,. Or otherwise, some sort of sexual conduct with masseuses regularly? Flat out, no. I denied that.

I couldn't imagine that he would. But I think, looking back now, that, I, I, I did not. But I started to suspect that he was not faithful. Seems ludicrous.

But that's what I thought. But it, look, if, if, if he's flying from Palm Beach to, to St. Thomas,. Or if he's flying, all over the country to New Mexico or to New York,. Under the age of 18 or in their 20s, every day at the house, multiple masseuses,. Multiple massages on some days, you're interacting with the masseuses constantly,. That's not right.

The late 90s, it's all women, presumably they're, some of them are new,. But they're also repeat masseuses. , What did you, I mean, you, you had to know at that point that there was something. Very fair question. Those two things. The first is the person that he saw the most at that period time was in her 40s,. And she was with him all the time.

And, I married as well. And there's, square, and it never occurred well. I don't believe it occurred to me at the time that with this woman,. And he was with her, that was the person he had the most massages, yoga,. And that with, at that time, in the 90s period. The second thing is that,. He told me he didn't, he had to fully, having an erection.

And I believed him. When you said he said that, I mean, he regularly told you that. When I, when I first, because when I didn't have sex with him after the first time,. And it took so I asked, was it me? And he told me it was him. And I'd never, up until this moment in my life, I was, I'm not stupid. I'm very bright.

I've had an excellent education. I traveled all over the world. I had boyfriends. Would, would lie to me about. Where somebody would be so manipulative and devious with me. I just, and plus I just didn't have, I just, and I was happy not to have sex,. Because I have a condition that doesn't lend itself to that.

This, when you learned, so fast forward, just for a moment,. To the 2007-89 time period, and he's arrested and charged,. And at that point, did you, at that point did you accept that was true,. Meaning did it make sense at that point when you were reading about,. Women who claimed that they had been abused even under age,. And at that point did you think to yourself, well geez,. That makes sense now that I think about it or no.

First of all, I didn't, that's, I only read what was in the newspapers. I didn't have any other thing, and I'm embarrassed to say I, I didn't believe it. Okay. Right. I mean, you, you didn't believe that the accusations were true at the time. And, and, sorry, I need to say, even if they were true,. I believe that he was duped, and he didn't know that they were,.

Whatever it was in the papers at that time, whether they said that they were 17 weird. I didn't, it didn't register, because along with all of those, not in 2006,. Let me ask you a question about the age of, the masseuses over the years. , It, I think in my mind, there's a difference between you knowing or not knowing. That a masseuse is under the age of 18 and coming to give a massage,. And you knowing that a strap scene, you know, sexually abused the underage person. Or made her strip, meaning, and I want to understand.

Whether you believe that nobody that came to give a massage is,. But you, you were more focused on whether any underage woman was abused by him. I think, I think it's better to answer this question with corroborating evidence. And then go back and explain so that I frame your, your understanding of what I'm saying. You have to understand not a single one of those 44 women mention me in a single report,. And it's not because they didn't mention me in the report because they never met me,. They never saw me and they never interacted with me.

So to go back to your question, it's not that I thought one way or another,. It's that I didn't see them. Okay, I see, okay. Does that, yeah, yeah, that's, that's helpful. I'm not, but when I say not one, not one single one of those reports talks about me,. And I just want to clarify exactly because I'm obviously aware that one of those girls. Is, was one of the witnesses in my trial, specifically.

It's better if it comes from her own words in that way. There's no second guessing of what I'm saying. Her self said that she recruited her and brought her and trained her. Those are own words. That you are, that you didn't know.

So she testifies that it was that recruited her and trained her and not you. Which then is used as evidence that person was myself. But the maid lady who helped keep the house, John's Alyssie's wife,. And with an accent, I believe she said. John Alyssie's wife had short, dark hair and an accent. I'm sorry, but I find, and you can ask yourselves this. I mean, I've obviously modified my accent.

I've been in America a long time, but I'm British. I've been brought up with a very strong British accent. And I don't believe there's American on planet Earth that doesn't recognize this. To be British or Australian, maybe, if you really don't know. Now, the Hispanic may be okay. That was John's wife, but she's not me. Why don't we stop there and not do that?

So it's. So just. I want to talk more about the evidence against you and how to dress up. No, no, apologize.

So that's helpful. I don't want you to be burdened. I want you to just tell the truth the best you can. So I don't want you to be burdened by what people set a trial or what you know the press has about you. I just thought it was illustrative when you asked me the question. It wasn't. I did not.

I absolutely have no memory at any. No, I'm leaving. Separate to this, obviously. So that's a separate story. I'm not going to pretend. Well. We will get to.

But in the terms of the scheme, however you want to determine what you're calling that,. I have no memory. Let's call it what it is. And 44 people didn't see me or talk about me either. Can't be. Yeah, no, I understand what you mean. Well, with some other important caveats.

Well, on that. Clearly a child. The other person who's clearly also not an adult or even coded. That would be the only two. Oh, three. No. Like if I said to you, Mr.

Epstein was a source for the FBI. Would you say that's crazy? No, he wasn't. Or maybe he was. He would have told me that anyway. , Not two answers for that. I think if he was for real, I think he would have bragged about it to me as a show, because he could be a show.

And I don't think. I don't remember him doing either. Now, with, again, the caveat that in his, before I met him, finding money, I think he may have suggested that there were some people who helped him. But that's the only context that I recall that in. When you said find money, what did you mean? Well, his business, where he, when I told you, I think in that context, he made, he showed me a photograph that he had with some, African wardards or something that he told me. And, you know, I get, I don't remember if that's what I interpreted, like, that kind of thing.

Or whether it was something like that. I don't even know if it was nefarious. But covert, I suppose, would be the word. Okay, I don't think so. I think that, I don't remember anything like that. I just don't think he had the, where we're all. And I think that whole aspect of that is, can I use a bad word?

Yes. And what do you, you think it's bullshit, meaning, what do you mean? Would you have known if he was, would he have been bragging to you, would he have been saying these things? I think he was, because I, I think, I'm sorry. I think that, I think one of the reasons why he liked me was because of my, you know, my family connections and why he liked other people was because they were cool. You know, and he wasn't that guy.

So I think it's, well, he may have tried to bullshit me, but no, I couldn't. Sorry. So I want to just shift for a few minutes to talk about post 2000, 2000 to kind of when your relationship changed over the years with him. , When was that? I didn't miss speak, but I'm going to something that I had forgotten. Before I met Epstein, he lived in London for a period of time. She's a very well known journalist.

And, when I, and he had, he was friends with the bearings, bearings, bang. And came, he had like sort of there. That was before he met me before. So in the 80s. Yes. He met, I don't know about the royal family, but certainly high society.

Okay. And the reason why I know this is because sometime this is a document, documentable thing, whatever. There's a photograph that can give you the day because I don't remember what the date is of this. So there's something that will pay whatever this date is. I don't remember when that is. And he went to a big event in, I think it was in the park.

Anyway, it was a big event. It's on, it's on, it's on the news. It's like a photograph of it. And he, I don't know if he sat with Diana or met Diana or he met her. I don't know, but this I believe was organized by Rosa. And so there's, I don't know if she was being set up as a date for him, maybe, because I don't, I don't speak bad at Diana, but I'm not going to do that.

Okay. So that was pre meeting you. No, that was when that event happened, when we were. Oh, okay. That was something. No, it's when we were. I'm not going to say together.

That is a flat. So now I'm going to tell you how he did actually meet him. So I, if you find me that photograph, I can date that time when he met Princess Diana at that event. And based on that, I'll be able to tell you if it's pre or post that event, because I haven't looked it up. She was in. Do you want to ask me something?

Okay. She was. She had a house or she rented a house in the vineyard. I think it was in the vineyard or Nantucket. I can't remember now which one it was. It was one of those.

So either Nantucket or the vineyard. And Sarah had called Epstein and had arranged with Lynn, or I don't know how I'm speculating. Anyway, long and short, he met Andrew at that. And I'm not holding you to an exact date, but when it comes to that.

But we can date it from that picture. If you find me the picture. But you know, without looking at a photo in your mind, approximately when was that? I want to say it was 2000, no, probably 2001, 2001, 2000, yes. I think that's true. So, well, it's true that Andrew said that. And I would not say that I was close friends with Andrew before, but certainly we were friendly and certainly his best friends, some of them were very, very close with me.

So you don't dispute that you kind of had a role in getting together. I can't imagine them being rather good. To talk to Jesus would never, I mean, for real, there's nothing there to connect them. So he met Prince Andrew, and then he had a relationship. I don't know, right? That word sounds clunky. They had a print.

Thank you. And through Sarah, actually, I think Sarah is the one that pushed that. And they met and hung out. I want to say two or three times that had nothing to do with me. I wasn't communicating with Andrew. I wasn't in touch with him. I couldn't even imagine Epstein and Andrew together.

And I thought that Sarah was trying to put the movie to some Jeffrey, if I'm being honest. And I thought the whole thing was annoying. And I was panicked. So what happened with the relationship, putting aside the publicity around Prince Andrew's purported relationship with. What happened as far as you know with Prince Andrew and Mr. Epstein's relationship from the times you just described? After that, at some point, Jeffrey told me that Andrew was coming to New York, and I needed to organize the whole thing.

That's classic, by the way. Classic, Epstein. Of course, if someone was like, well, right fine, whatever. And because he wanted to make sure that Andrew was taken care of. And he was comfortable. He had whatever he needed. And I'm like, well, am I going to meet him?

Or are you just going to have me do all the job? And he said, well, you know, you can come and say hello. Right, wow. That's so annoying of you, for real. Because you have to understand. Like, I don't know if I told you this before, but I did not have the keys to his house.

But anyway, so we can tell this a bit of a sore point. Perhaps. Anyway, so Andrew came, and of course, the minute we got together, I was like, yay, hi! And our friendship just like lit up, like this. Because most of all, you know, I'm safe. I mean, safe as in, I'm not, you know, Nigel Dempser, or taking a page. Not in a millennia as would I do something so gross.

And we honestly go on like a house off. I really liked him a lot. And he's, it was so nice. And then with respect to me and Prince Andrew, what do you know about that relationship? Would you like to ask that again? Relationships, a big word. Like I said, I don't like the word, let's just start that.

Okay. Okay. Why? Well, go ahead. Just, but finish that thought. Why do you think that? I'm going to tell you right now.

I'm so happy to tell you. I'm excited. I'm beyond excited. Okay. So, there's going to make sure of what I've actually seen and know from the evidence and versus what I've put together. I'm impossible for me at this point to separate everything, but I'll tell you what I know versus what I saw and what I physically have in here.

But it's helpful for you to know. So, the allegation I have to go with the allegation, the allegation was that at my house in London in March, whatever that was, 2001, I believe. , We went to London, especially so that we had to have a relationship with Prince Andrew and she was paid a vast amount of money for that purpose. That is what is the story.

Okay, so the first thing about that weekend, that specific weekend was it's my mom's 80th birthday and I was in the country. So that takes care of the reason why I, one of the reasons why the her story doesn't hold water. And the reason why I went to London and I presume, but I guess I don't remember, is why when we were. So the whole trip started because of Alberto Pinto, who is the decorator for the island and for New York as well. It was also for New Mexico.

So there's architectural pieces that complain. And that was the basis of that trip. And I suspect now that trip was planned all around the fact that I had to be, wanted to be in London, no matter what, for my mom's 80th birthday. At my brother's house in the country, which is approximately an hour, an hour and a half, an hour and a half outside of London.

So that's, now. The second reason why, probably maybe even the more important reason that my mom's birthday, that I think it's absolutely rubbish, is that Prince Andrew, the idea of him doing anything of that. Anything of that nature in my house that's the size of this room is so mind-blowingly not conceivable to me as the man or what, I just can't, I can't even, no. Is there any way that it could have happened? No. Did it describe the physical plan? Oh, the physical.

So, my house was tiny. I think it's 900 square feet in total. Well, maybe not. Maybe not. It is on three floors, however. Sorry, you're talking about a little, it's a jewel. It's a jewel.

It was a gorgeous little place, but it is the size of a nut. If you make a noise, let's say to the burp or something, you'd hear it. It just, where she says that they had relations in a bathroom, I, first of all, the bath is an old Victorian bath. I, I, I'm quite, quite small. It tight for me. I put my brother in there to see what would happen.

So her, her description of whatever the two people were doing in the tub, that would work. The bathroom itself is so small, you can't lie flat on the floor. So it couldn't happen on the floor because you physically, physically can't. The bathroom is too small to even be on the floor. And then the kicker of what kickers is that because the bathroom was so small, I decorated it to try and make it look huge, which meant that I put mirrors the whole way around it. And what we're so fun about being there is that if you stood in the bathroom, you saw like a hundred of you. Like you do if you were in a warehouse.

But Alice in Wonderland or one of those things that you would see yourself going stretching everything. And if the image, if you said you would, let's say you were. Let's, let's say, telling the truth. There is no way in God's green earth that had taken place that this is something that you would miss because it's, you couldn't miss it. If you were staying there, you'd see the whole of the FBI as a whole, the Department of Justice standing behind you. It's like, no. Did you also, did you also claim where the tap was in the bathtub?

Well, it's an ovata. It's an attack. So if you were in the top, this is the tub. My tap would be here. I think. No.

So you think it's kind of logistically and physically not something that could have happened? Well, there's that. And there's just, Andrew, he's so. English. He's so, he's had a tire one. Do you think there's any way it could have happened or no? Absolutely.

On no way, no how. Absolutely not. Wait. I haven't finished. So, okay. Oh, sorry. I believe that this whole thing was manufactured and I can point you to some potentially cooperating evidence of this.

So when she gave the photograph to the FBI in Australia. Just to be clear, the photograph you're talking about, tell me the famous one. I have an image of it, Andrew. You're in the background. The fake. Just to be clear. So, on the back of that, and this is in the discovery, by the way.

I don't know if it's in, I don't know where, which discovery I saw it in now. But this is it. She wrote, she wrote in the back that it was a picture that was taken in January of 2000 and in 2000 or 2001, I don't remember. It's because it only, it's the only one that fit with the flight logs that when she could be in London and this took place. The second thing is that, oh, I'm so excited to tell you this. There is a journalist. I know you guys quite often.

The fake news is at work here. Well, without putting aside the relationship, why do you think they created that story? I believe that story was created for the purposes of, well, they were multiple. The first one is financial. The second one is for the purposes of the CVRA case. The third one was for the serialization of both of her book and in the papers for the story to attack the whole family.

So I think when you were just asked about the photo, you said you actually thought the photo was fake. I believe it's literally a fake photo. Why do you think that? Well, first of all, I don't remember it.

Okay, but the outfit I'm wearing is the outfit from my mum's birthday party. I do not know that they met. So you don't have a specific recollection of kind of being at an event or a party or your apartment or your flat in London with Prince Andrew and. Absolutely. She doesn't know one way or the other. The reason why I don't have any memory of that.

So that's not the issue. Yes, I can't say that would happen. But what I can absolutely, categorically say is that I never at any time said Andrew up to have relations with her or any other human being. And plus, I was in the country, so all of that's just not conceivable. I certainly went to his house when he would have people who would be there that were, I call them, the way I would think of it and I would characterize it with his entourage. That's how I thought about it. And that certainly was in the later 2000s, yes.

Did you attend any weddings of famous people with Mr. Epstein? Again, I'm mostly focused on post 2000, but if there's something that comes in mind in the 90s, that's fine as well. With Epstein? I don't think I ever went to a wedding with Epstein, but I can't think of a wedding that I ever went to with him. Do you know, so you didn't attend President Clinton's daughter's wedding, Chelsea Clinton, but that wasn't with Mr. Epstein.

No. Ted Wait. My boyfriend. Ted again? With Ted Wait, my boyfriend. Do you know whether Mr. Epstein was at that wedding?

He was not. But it's Ted and Clinton were very close. And how were you close to them? Like, what was the reason you were close to them? I met President Clinton, first of all, I went to the White House with Epstein once, for I think it was for a historical, like one of those benefits. Then after that, I had a very good friend of mine that was known to be the mayor of Miami Beach, Philip Levine, and Philip and the President were very good friends. And Philip was a very, and I were very good friends, and so I actually was introduced to the President post his coming out of the White House and became friendly with him because of Philip Levine.

Is friendly with it? With Mr. Epstein. I have no idea. I doubt it. Yeah, there's no trick question. I'm not suggesting that I know the answer to it.

I'm just asking. Well, I would be astonished. I can't imagine they'd have anything in common either. I've met him. I've met him. I've met him at an event in Manhattan. I can't remember more recently, so probably in 2012, something in that.

And we had a very nice conversation. So I remember that. I remember thinking, I don't know if I'd ever met him before, but I remember thinking how nice he was and how surprised. I liked him. What can I tell you?

So that's the only memory I have of that. I'm not sure if that's correct, but that's what I think. I don't have a correct right? No, I just want to try it. No, I want you to believe me, because I mean this. There's so much information in the public sphere about you and Mr. Epstein and others around, and some of it is definitely true, and some of it is definitely false.

So when I ask a question, if I think that you're not being honest or that you're missing something, this isn't got you. I'll say that to you. When would that have been approximately? 1990?

So before? 1999. Something like that. Did you have any sort of professional or social relationship with John F. Kennedy Jr. I thought he was very attractive. Oh, you fancy.

Sorry. I was finding him attractive and fancying him. Did you have any sort of social relationship with him? I mean, we knew each other. I thought he was wonderful and fun, and I enjoyed meeting him, but I went out. I wanted to say we had a dinner or two, but I was very excited, but that was it. And then Alan Dershowitz?

What's the question with Alan? Do you say it again? What's the question? Do you know Mr. Dershowitz? Yes. I'm trying to remember how I met him and I met him separate from it.

I don't remember. So that I have no recollection. I remember, I know that he was Epstein's lawyer. I don't know if they had any relationship prior to that. I don't remember. I do actually. I think they met the same Martha's Vineyard through Lynn Forrest, and I think that's what happened.

I think that's it. And I perhaps you remember that. And I remember, I think going to his house in Boston, if he had a house in Boston, that's the day or two times I remember. Did you ever hear anybody tell you that he had done anything inappropriate? Absolutely not. I'm jumping around a little bit. And I bought a boat, not Terramar a boat.

And the basis of the boat was to do explorations and see exploratory stuff. This really started because I have and have had, since I was a child, a love of the ocean aquatic. I've always been, I'm nervous about the state of the ocean. For one, Ted and I, we worked with National Geographic and we did exploratory work.

Anyway, when I broke up with Ted, I just, one of the things I did not want to give up was my love of the ocean that we did. And so I wanted to not clash with anything to do with Ted, because it was a bit awkward between us. And so I decided I would focus on all the part of the ocean that was outside of national borders, Taramar. And that's how that, that's the genesis of Taramar.

So what was the time period of that? I think after I broke up with Ted, so 2010/11 is when it started, and then I ran it all the way up until whenever the Epstein drama struck, and then I just shut it down. Yeah, and I was running a magazine. One of the things in the magazine is fashion, and so I was going to some fashion shows, and I was looking for fashion sponsorship. Absolutely. Yeah, I saw them many times together. Did he visit the island?

Did he go to Palm Beach House? I don't remember. I mean, I never, I have no conscious memory of Jean-Luc. I would imagine that he did, but I never, I don't see. What would you like to know? Like, I guess, let's say, how do you know him? Is it a relation you had kind of separate from Mr.

Epstein? I wouldn't, I wouldn't say I had any type of relationship with Harvey Weinstein in any context. Socially, I would meet him because I would go to events that Harvey would be at, and also his wife was English, right, and Georgina. And I was, I mean, friendly also. It would be a big word, more than waiting, so we would see each other, and I would go to Merrimack's events.

But there was a couple of people who worked for Harvey, who I was friendly with, his primary producer, his name is Merle Poster, I was friendly with, and, yeah. Did they socialize together at the island or in Palm Beach or? I never saw Harvey at any of Epstein's houses. So socialize, I don't know that they were friends. I mean, I can't see them together either. I mean, literally.

But I know that they certainly do that. I would imagine, and in fact, I think I have a memory, but I can't. Maybe he went there because Epstein was good at raising money. I just don't know.

But I never saw them. I don't, I don't recall seeing Harvey in any of the properties. Let's go a few more minutes and take a break. So, we talked several hours ago about your father and his business a little bit. After your father passed, do you know whether Mr. Epstein was involved in your family business that you know of? Absolutely not.

In any respect, personally, there was no family business left. Start with that problem. And the second one is. My mom and he got along. Well, that was it, but that was so lady. He was nice to her. I never met him.

I never saw him. I never heard his name. No, nothing. So, there's been a lot of conversations about whether Mr. Epstein maintained like a list of people, like a book of famous people that he knew. Like it's called a black book or a client list or a list. Did you know of the existence of any such list?

There is no list. We'll start with that. The genesis of that story, I can actually trace for you from its absolute inception, if that is what you're interested in. There is nothing like that. You know.

Okay, so you say you think you know that, Genesis. Go ahead. Tell us. I'd like you to know that I have brought some supporting for a bit of evidence. Tell me what it is. Do you want to take a break here? Because this is a long story.

Yeah, this is a long story. Yeah, let's take a break. Yeah, let's take a break. So when we stopped to take a break, we were talking about what has been publicly discussed as a black book or the Epstein list. And that's where we are.

So you said you think you might know or that you're aware of kind of the origin of this narrative. I just want to reiterate again, there is no list that I am aware of. I've never at any time, at least during the period of time when I was present. But we have to start in 2009. In 2009, there is Epstein is, I think, out of jail. In 2009, allegedly, the FBI gets a call in October of 2009 from Brad Edwards. He allegedly tells them that he has come across a piece of evidence that belongs to Epstein.

That contains a list of all of his clients and victims, underage girls, massage therapists, and his and the men who are having sex with them. And he becomes, he, Brad Edwards, becomes a cooperating witness, cooperating, confidentiality, confidentiality informant for them. And it becomes evidence in the civil suit. And goes to trial and there's a criminal complaint that the FBI produce, and in that criminal complaint, it says that Brad Edwards became aware of the list, but we'll call it the list for the purposes of this. After Alfredo Rodriguez's two depositions that are held in Epstein's civil suit, it's in the FBI's affidavit that the evidence was collected, and Brad Edwards became aware of it after the second deposition. It's in the criminal complaint. The truth is different from what's in both the criminal complaint and in that FBI affidavit, and in Brad Edwards's own statements on the subject.

As part of that Rico case he admitted to on the record and was I don't know whether he was. In 2009 simultaneously whilst this was going on my boyfriend, Ted Waite, was asked for 10. Million dollars to keep me out of any of Epstein's civil suits. Up until then I had not been in. Any of Epstein's civil suits. In fact I wasn't even sure save for the first time. I was mentioned.

Was by I hadn't been I was basically nowhere. And then Ted was called for this 10 million. Dollars and had been shown his people had been shown evidence that included the list. The flight logs and various other pieces of evidence.

Now we're going to the prequel part of this story so then it can tie to how this starts. Villafana was the lead prosecutor over the lead. Yes in that case and she I think was not happy. With the outcome and utilized at that time Brad Edwards. That she was allowed to talk to.

So I just want to preface that. The reason why I know that she. In a podcast made the revelation. What he says is that he'd never heard of the CVRA case before. He was the lawyer that she had selected as a pro bono lawyer for some of the victims. And he was also working for Rothstein's firm that was under reco. Investigation for that entire time creating fake evidence in Epstein's case.

Long but this CVRA case that sole purpose was to overturn it. So when he approached her with the. List this was part of the effort to utilize and find new evidence to support the overturning. Either of the NPA and/or of the new case against Epstein. Of at that time whatsoever, I now know that the base of this story was a black male of. He had everything, he was way, way more wealthy than Epstein if anyone. Cares.

And that is the reason why Ted and I were well. And that list was created so then the masseuses that were on that list,. I've never heard of some of them. I, not even from the civil suits that had come up since. I've seen it. And this is me now knowing what's in the list today. And I believe that, oh,.

Brad Edwards makes that's in the documents contemporaneously is that it's pieces of paper. That Alfredo has. It then morphs into something that Alfredo took a book that Alfredo took from. Epstein's computer.

But there's no computer, I know, certainly not in 2005 when this was. Allegedly taken that came out as a book. And then it morphed into at the civil time of my. Civil cases into a book that was taken from my computer. And then it morphed into the. Through documents that you can trace.

So there in your mind,. But from what you just described, there is a list. It's just, it's just manufacturer. I mean, have you seen the list even fake? As you know, I haven't seen it, but,. But, I guess my thing is that what Brad Edwards says in all of these things is in the paperwork. Four alleged victims that speak about the list and the black male and the men and the sex.

New York, for sure. But no one else. None of these stories carry from any of the 44. That he created the list. Sorry, he created a list. He, so in that book that Alfredo Rodriguez. Book of all the people who were involved.

It includes Alan Dershowitz for the record who's. Marked. I don't remember what it does with Donald Trump. I don't, I don't know you'd have to look. I don't have it. But, I believe, so he did, he marked up, I don't know who, somebody marked. Up that book of names.

And I think all the names of the people that they went for. Were originally selected between two sources. One was this alleged book of names. And one. Was also from the telephone rocks that were collected from the house in Palm Beach. Where Brad Edwards says that he has a list of 25 men that he got money off. So, okay, so, so the list that everybody, the black book, the list, what you're saying is that.

You're, you're, you're exhibit 52 from your trial, which is like a more of an address book,. A Rolodex type thing, that Mr. Rodriguez, Alfredo Rodriguez, your understanding is. I don't know where that book actually comes from. I don't know what that book is. That book is some type of a compilation.

But what it is, is it's just pieces of paper. With type. So, if you had, you could have made a list, I could put,. But you refer to something that's been public for a long time. If we're thinking about the. Same thing, you're talking about the, you're right, it's like a bunch of different types. Because it's people's addresses.

Yes, that's what I'm talking about. Of New York actually produced a book for me to see. It has evidence of the actual thing it was,. It had like that list, those, that list, was basically the names that they choose to produce. A trial. Now, in Rothstein Adams firm, I also have some documents where Rothstein,. His, his original scheme at Rothstein Adler was to place prostitutes.

He had a, a bar,. Dancey bar, where he had girls. And I believe he would use them and put them as fake secretaries. In Epstein's case, necessarily.

But the, so, but again, let's like, so, we're separating. The evidence that came in at your trial. And what you just talked about with Brad Edwards. And Mr. Rodriguez, during the time that you were with Mr. Epstein, and even in the 2000s,. When you were around less frequently, you never observed, you never saw any sort of list or.

Absolutely. No. There is no list. There is no, I'm not aware of any black male. I never heard,. I never heard that. I never saw it.

And I never, I never imagined it. While we're on this topic, just, again, I know we're jumping around and we've been. Going out for a while. So I apologize.

But there's recently been reports about a. Birthday book that you assembled for Mr. Epstein. I think for his 50th birthday in 2003. That's true. What do you, what do you know about that? So,.

50Th, he said, " I don't know what I'm going to do. " And I said, " Well, this is a nice thing. My mom did this book for my dad. ". Of the book. And in some instances, I call people that ask them to-. What was in the book?

Like, what was the ask of the, of the people you call? Okay. I mean, nothing. Right. I mean, it was an obvious question.

But you basically,. His folks were invited to send something to you to celebrate his birthday. There was no, there was no ask. But I wasn't responsible for everybody in that book. It's been so long.

I want to tell you that I, I don't remember. Do you? I honestly don't remember. A letter or a card or a note? I, I don't. , Do you think the article, well, do you remember seeing,. , That book or any portion of the letters in your discovery in New York?

I remember, there was,. There were some portions of that book, but what surprised me, yeah,. That what surprised me was how few they were, because I thought if you had those,. Where are the rest? , There was none of Mr. Trump. Sorry.

President Trump, I, there was nothing from President Trump. Birthday? I do not remember. , And the,. The article that references the letter talks about, like a,. Do you have any recollection of that? I do not.

Right. Just, no, I don't. ,. Do you remember, so what do you remember seeing from your discovery around the,. The book? Like you said, portions of it or some of the things. I remember, but there were maybe,.

That's, I just want to say about the discovery that I had about,. Maybe this is an exaggeration. I'm not sure, but in my mind,. It's about close to five million page, five million documents. I, it was only that maybe as much as 30 to 35 percent,. I was never able to access. And this is documented on the court.

I really don't remember. Sorry. That one, well, I met Mr. Gates. I went to the tech conference. Not the main stage, the sub stage. And I also gave several TEDxes.

Because I knew his, I don't know if he's chief of staff or whoever, Boris. Because Epstein was friendly with Boris and Boris. But that's all I remember. So if that, that friendship was after, you know, it was in the May 2000. I don't remember.

So I wouldn't know if he had been on Epstein. And you weren't, you don't recall it being on the plane with him flying to the island or. To anywhere? No. Do you know someone named Reed Hoffman? I do. Who's that?

Reed's a Silicon Valley guy. Is what? Silicon Valley. And how do you know him? Through my friends in San Francisco. I have a, I used to have a very close friend who's in San Francisco,.

So is that a relationship? You have kind of separate and apart from Mr. Epstein. Separate. Do you know whether Mr. Epstein had a relationship with Reed Hoffman? I don't know.

Did you ever observe Mr. Hoffman? No. So there was, there's a list, a list of multiple masseuses that, that it's floating around. I think you had any discovery. I think you were just talking about that. That list, do you know how that list was created?

No. That, all that stuff that came out of that book,. I now find suspect. I don't know what's real, what's not. I don't know what name it's true.

Now that it's been, to my mind anyway, now that it has been. Without a doubt contaminated and possibly fraudulent, I, I know, I don't know. I mean, obviously the numbers that I recognize in my own, those are real,. But how it was actually ended up put together and compiled. And the purposes for it, for which then the blackmail of my boyfriend.

Now I'm just, over the years when you were,. Did you or do you know whether anyone maintained a list of all the masseuses? Like a running list. So I know that, the house itself,. John and Essie had a rolodex that he kept the names and numbers. Of all the people that came to the house that he could call. So, because I only was with Essie even at best half the time.

So when I was there, he had like his chief of staff,. Who could find whatever he needed. And when I wasn't there, he had to rely on somebody else, right? So it'd be that John and Essie or whoever else.

So everybody, whoever was traveling with him or however. Wherever he was, he needed somebody else to access information. You know, like everybody has an address book. But was, was what you're describing, which,. I'm not, it makes sense. I'm just, was that a list of masseuses or a list of people that. That's the latter.

And did you, did you update that, like were you part of,. Were you one of the people that would add names to it? Like if, if a, if a masseuse came and leaves,. Would you be part of like, how was the list kind of maintained,. Or who maintained it? Typically, no, because there would be an assistant who would do that. Plus, Epstein would not allow me to answer the telephone, ever.

So this whole maintained or keep any of his messages in the office or at the house. So typically that wouldn't be, because I wouldn't be the one. Could I say to you I never did it? No, of course not, because that just seems ludicrous.

But as a rule of thumb, the answer would be, no. You never talked to me about it. I mean, I can't, but it's pretty sweet. If he did, I have no recollection of it. I mean, I'm sure he must have said this is all, whatever he said, or it's nothing. I mean, I just, I was, I was with Ted. I mean, plus, I just didn't want to know.

So you don't know firsthand why the US Attorney in Florida made the deal that he did. I mean, you weren't part of that discussion along the way. Something's happening with the case. You were, you, to the extent you know anything about it, it's just from what you've heard. Is that right? No, but he did.

But it's still enforceable. I mean, he never said, hey, do you hear you happy with this deal like that? I, he never, he never enjoined me to the MPA. But I understand that he included me specifically, and I'll tell you why. Well, it's, it's okay. You don't need to get upset. No, yeah.

I don't want to talk about the legal, the, the, what's on appeal. I'm just. No, I want my, the, the reason for my question and just to be, I'm not. Trying to isolate me, there's, there's a very strong belief that he got a very good deal. And that, and, and that he should, he should have been sentenced to more time or. And I'm not asking you to apply it on that, but I'm wondering whether. He ever talked to you about that, but it sounds like he didn't.

That you got a good deal? No. I think actually. Well, his comments that I've read was that he didn't get a good deal. And I think that the, you know, when he fought it so hard is because he. When, when he was serving a sentence, were you ever, were you around during that time? I never called him.

I never saw him. And I never went to the jail. , So I'm going to ask you questions that you shouldn't read in them. I just want to know whether you, whether they, they resonate with you. Have you ever had any contact with, any representative that you know of,. Can you ask me that again? Understand to be from Massad, an Israeli intelligence agency?

Well, not deliberately. Pardon me? Not deliberately. , And did you know, we asked this, we talked a little bit earlier just to put. A finer point on it. Did you ever know that Mr. I, well, I don't believe so, but I wouldn't know.

I mean, I would be very surprised if he did. I don't think so. No. And I'm sure we've, there's sums that we haven't covered. That had a very close relationship or a close relationship with Mr. Epstein that we haven't already talked about. Over the top of my head, I can think of the hood Barak.

You said that Mr. Epstein, at some point in the mid to late 90s,. Started taking testosterone. No, I mean, he took pills.

But I don't know what the, no substances. I know we talked about this at, you know, 945 this morning, but. Do anything about his heart condition and beyond that you wanted to study. I don't know what he told me. No, he never shared anything, but he did take pills. I don't know, I don't know anything about that. Which made him mean.

And we're jumping around a little bit. Do you know something named Donald Bar? No. He is, I can represent you. Do you remember any conversations with me that I've seen about.

Okay. Do you know whether, well, have you ever met the former Attorney General. No. I don't, I don't recall any. , Did you have a relationship or no? I'm using relationship, but I appreciate you don't like that work. Yes.

How did you know him? , How would you describe your relationship? Close, friendly. Yes. , Not that close, but friendly enough. I mean, you know. How was Jeffrey Epstein's relationship with his brother, Mark, from what you observed?

I mean, they weren't brotherly, but I think that. I don't know, their periods when they were closer and then when they weren't. , And I think kind of the answer is given what you just said about. I never heard that. , I think you said this in an interview, but if I'm wrong, forgive me. , Do you, do you have a view of Mr. Epstein, of whether he.

Yeah, sure. Yeah, we can take a break. Yeah, sure. Actually, it's a good time to take a break anyway, because we all lost one of the day. All right, so we're going to take a break at two 53 Thursday, July 24th. We are continuing with the recorded proper of Ms. Maxwell.

I think I may have forgotten to ask you. I understand you don't remember anything with President Trump or a lot about the book anyway. , Do you remember asking President Trump to submit a letter for that? , And do you remember, would you have been the one to do that? , I don't, because somebody else would, somebody else had done that. I don't remember Mr. Trump.

I don't remember who I did ask, but Epstein also asked people himself directly. , This would have been in the later 2000s. So I do not know, how they met, but I do know that they, I don't know, friendly would be the right word. I don't know that, but I know that they see each other. Ties, meaning friends and family relations. Was this Barak, do nature of his relationship was with Mr. Epstein?

Do you know, were you ever with them together? I think I met, I have a memory of meeting Ahu, but I don't know if he was with Epstein,. Or I don't remember. But if I, if I'm sure it happens, but it must have been very brief,. Or maybe something that brought it to my memory.

So that's also, I mean, I'm also, I think the press has been very contaminating. What, again, I know we're talking about time periods that are vast. But I mean, listen, there are people that pop out of the woodwork all the time. I just saw one on TV saying she was his girlfriend in '93 and '94. Obviously, we were very busy. All of a that. And how do you, do you know him?

Well, I met him and that is, I met him through Mr. Epstein. I mean, any sort of handful of times. I don't know if I would characterize. I mean, having seen him briefly, I don't know how to characterize that. Did he visit the island? I never have any recollection of seeing Mark Middleton at the island.

I don't remember George ever at the island, but the most memorable check I do recall. Let's do work. To Italy? , Okay. Well, we went to Rome. And what were you there for? And what were the purposes of travelling to Columbia and Cuba?

My, I have a friend of mine who was the cigar distributor for. When was that approximately? Just, but as far as a catch all, there's been a tremendous amount of public information about. For any of the folks that we've talked about today, did you observe them doing anything. Improper with Mr. Epstein, whether with masseuses or with women who were girls who were traveling. Or at the residence that they were at or at the parties that they were at?

And for any of the names we've talked about today and then tomorrow we'll talk about some. More, but for today, do you recall having any conversations with anybody else? Were they reported to you that they had seen something that one of these. Something? If anybody had ever reported anything, but first of all the answer that is no. And I never heard it, I never saw it, and no one ever complained to me or tears,.

So Mr. Epstein and his death, so you were not, obviously at the MCC,. Well, I think we want my news. So it just takes water, it's okay, no problem. , You were not at the MCC during that time, correct?

So you're going to tell us what you believe, but just to, I just want to make sure I understand. Your basis for belief is kind of what you've read and seen and your knowledge of. Okay, so, you know, I want, what I do want to be careful about. Fair to you or anybody else to ask you to give us your kind of opinion. By the BOP, there's been a lot of, there's an OIG report, there's an SDY investigation. About that, do you, so you think he was, he was, he did not die by suicide,. If you don't believe that there's any truth to the allegations of blackmail.

Or that he had kind of a list or that he had reasons to have people hate him,. Or my question is, which is, do you think there's somebody on the outside of. Internal situation. Yeah, so you're not, you, you don't have any reason, first. Acknowledge or even speculation, it sounds like, to think that, that he was, that he was. What happened, you know, as the MCC. And, and, but what is important to me is, is whether,.

You know, if, if, is the idea that, that he didn't die by suicide, that's one thing. But. Had information on rich and powerful people, that's what I do have any reason to believe. When he wasn't in jail. And if they were worried about blackmail or anything from him, he would. Have been a very easy target. In the time, so we talked about a lot of time all the way up.

Through 2009, 10, and then you're, you're the time that after Mr. Epstein was arrested,. When's the last time you spoke with him? Maybe 20, 16,. And what, what, when you're thinking about that last time, was that you had talked. About talking a lot, and then you stopped, or was that a one-off time, and it was infrequent? I, I really wasn't in communication.

The only communications I had with him was with regards. In. I needed help. I needed information, and I, I didn't have what I needed. And. I don't remember even if I stopped talking to him before that, I think he was, I thought. He was angry with me anyway, he didn't like what I did, and he, I wasn't, wasn't interested.

In what he had to say to me, and what, what, what did you think he was angry with you about? I think he was angry that I had even said that I had referred to her being a liar. Like in discovery? I don't, I don't think we coordinated in this. I don't, I'm not sure. I, I don't want to misspeak. I don't, I, there was some degree of communication,.

So definitely, I mean, I was definitely hoping for him to be more helpful, and I was definitely. Coordinating is not a good word, because that sounds like I was trying to make a line myself. That's not where we were going here, but I was definitely trying to get help as in. Though. I don't, I don't want to misspeak. We touched on this earlier, but I just want to,. You know, so in the 16, 17, 18, up until the time he's arrested, had your view or your.

Understanding of what had happened changed? Meaning, did you believe that. In the late 90s or early 2000s when, when he started, you know, behaving much differently,. Did you, did you believe what you were hearing about him at that point? Trying to be as complete as you can. I think tomorrow you've said a few things today about. Materials that you brought.

, When we're done, we'll give you a few minutes with,. With Mr. Marcus to, to, if there's things that you want to show him that you think we should see. Like I said, I'm not asking you to corroborate anything. If I was asking you to corroborate. Something, I would tell you.

But if there's something you think that, that you don't think. That the government has seen or you think that it was important for me to see,. We all think about tonight and, and I think you will too. You know, we can, we can all think. About stuff we talked about. We covered a lot of different areas. We are, I do want to talk.

About more about you. So, by design today, we wanted to focus on Mr. Epstein and talk about,. You know, kind of everything under the sun that we've gone through today. ,. I do think it's important when, when we all evaluate what you've said today and,. And kind of your story to understand, to also understand your, why you're here,.

Right? So you, you were indicted, you were charged, you went to trial. And, and I want to do that. In a way that gives you an opportunity to, to, to say, to kind of say your piece or to say. What you, what you haven't said before. , But also understanding that there was a,. A people who took the witness stand and told it's all the truth and, and testified about you.

And what you did and what they think you saw and what they heard you say. And, and I, I'm not,. It's important, I think, for when we evaluate what you say and how you say it and, and, and,. Your recollection of things to also to talk about that.

So we're going to, we'll do that. Tomorrow. I want to talk about, you know, the circumstances leading up to your rest. There's a. Lot of, I think misinformation or there's a lot of information out there that I don't know what. There's misinformation, but about the time from, you know, 2019 up until the time that you,. That you were, that you were arrested.

And then like I said, that'll take us through. Lunch tomorrow and then, and then we'll be done. I'm not, I don't have a plan. I didn't know that. I was coming here until this week.

Okay. So I'm not, there isn't like a, we don't have like. A schedule of what happens next or what happens. , But that's not a negative thing. I'm just. We don't have a next step yet. So, may I say something?

Of course. Yes. I just would like to. The day and give you a little time to chat and then, see you in the morning. Thanks,.
