Are you looking for alternatives to field nation and work market? This video is part three of an interview I did with Chelsea Mueller of Cloud Work Pro,. I talked with Chelsea about some of the concepts of being a technician that also is a buyer. And how to set up that profile and some of the basics of that. I'm going to post the entire video that'll be in my Cloud Work Pro playlist.

Let's get into the interview. The next thing I want to talk about Chelsea is the technician company setup. That's something that I think should be mentioned about our technicians as well. Sometimes we have a single technician and sometimes we have a team of technicians. That will come on to our platform and just because we have a team of technicians,. It doesn't, you know, if you have a company that has 30 technicians,. Not all of those techs might be the right fit for our company.

So, you know, don't be offended if we don't bring on all of the technicians from your team. Because what we are really looking for is that with any work order that is assigned to that. Our platform is not really designed for those who are really green in the field. This is designed for more of the technicians who are already at that expert level. Obviously, as you mentioned, not all of the technicians may be eligible based on skill set. And experience. So, you have a separate ratings guide for the technician as well as a rating.

System for the company themselves. Is that correct? That's correct. Each of our technicians, you know, if they go out there and they do a great job,. They will be rated by the client and that's per work order. Did. So, obviously, one bad tech is not going to ruin the relationship with CloudWork Pro.

You're going to work with the technician company and allow them to make amends and, obviously,. Maybe suspend that tech but not actually penalize the entire company for that. I think that's important. A lot of technicians live in fear of being suspended from a platform. And not being able to make their case and actually try to clear things up. And, you know,. A lot of these guys make a living off of these platforms and so to have one just shut down on.

Them without any kind of recourse or discussion, it makes them nervous. Obviously, they need to. Take care of their clients and you expect professional technicians, but there's always. Going to be misunderstandings. I think it'd be important for technicians to know how you guys. Would support the technician on that situation and give them a chance. Sure thing.

That's a really great question. The key here is that we have humans. Humans as well. So we try to prevent as many of these issues from happening in the first place. That's why our system will guide the technicians for, you know, applying for that job and making. Sure that they understand what is expected of them. That's why the pay is very clear.

That's why, you know, the payment terms are very clear even before that technician goes to site. So they should be able to clear up any of these issues before they start to become a major problem. If the technician is not able to get a hold of the client or there happens to be an issue. Right then, encourage our technicians to reach out to our support team as early as possible. And the same thing for our clients. If they are having an issue with a technician,. They should reach out to our support team so that we can get this remedied right away.

Then after the work order has been submitted, again, there's points of contact throughout. The entire process. So we should have an idea if something is coming up before it becomes. A real problem. If in the event that it does become a real problem, again, our support team. Is here to help to mediate that. Our clients are able to give a rating at the end of,.

You know, once they close out that work order. If that technician went out there and just was. Above and beyond, they just did a really great job. They can favorite that technician.

So the client knows the next time that they have a work order in that area,. That technician will be at the top of their list. But also if they just want to pull up. A list of their favorite technicians and maybe offer them to travel to a different. I like the idea and I have a lot of buyers that will come directly to me on the other. Platforms because they know the work that I'm going to deliver. And so I think that's.

Nice for techs to know that relationship can be built on the Cloud work profile as well. Them over to Cloud work pro, we're happy to accommodate that. Our sales team is fantastic. I'm sure you are. If you happen to be a technician who also wants to run your work orders through. Our platform, that's a question that I've gotten many times. You can be a technician and a client.

So you would just have separate logins. So again, you would go into the sign in sign up. Based on whether you're a client or a technician. And that makes sense because I mean the fields. And the forms that you're going to need to fill out and the way you're going to track. It is going to be different.

So that makes sense. One thing that I wanted to share, Michael,. Is that we have different roles for the technicians on our platform. So we have an. Account owner.

So that's the first person who needs to sign up. That's the person who is going. To have like the W9 information, the insurance information for the company, also the banking. Their team. And then after they have been approved, they'll be able to invite additional technicians.

Now the additional invited technicians can be a dispatcher. That would be someone. Who's not going to site, but they would be able to find work that's available on the platform. They can assign those work orders and they can also manage those work orders. Then we have our. Unrestricted technician. That would be a technician who will be going to site, but they will also.

Be able to see what is available on the platform. They can see pay. They can see rates. They can. Negotiate. They can assign the work orders to themselves or other team members. The work order that has been assigned to them.

So they will not see how much the work order. Pays. They will not see any room for negotiation on dates or pay or anything like that. They just see, hey, on Thursday at 8 a. M. You're going to this location and here's what you're. Going to be doing.

So we do have those different profiles and that's assigned by the account. So if an account owner invites a restricted technician, then I'm just going to talk to. Them about what they will see. When you receive your work order, here's what you're going to. Be doing. I'm not going to talk to a restricted technician about setting up banking information. Or negotiating anything with a client.

There are a couple of things that I wanted to. Just go over again. And that is the kinds of texts that we are looking for because our. For CEO, Mike, Mike said, I want people to make sure.

I want to make sure people know. That we do not accept work orders that are less than$ 50. So the expectation here, again,. From our clients as well.

So I like that. And I think a lot of texts will like that approach. To because, you know, it's hard to make a living at$ 25 an hour as a lot of even field. Nation tickets are routed out at another thing that I see a lot of technicians complain about on,. You know, Reddit threads and other places is pay issues. And some buyers choosing not to pay. Tickets.

Now, obviously, if the tech has not done a good job, then I would understand that. Being the case. But I've also had situations where on work market, especially because there. Is no security on work market, I've had buyers just simply not pay me. They didn't have a reason. Other than it was probably financial. And they were just a flighty company and they disappeared.

So my question for you is with Cloud Work Pro, does your platform pre fund the tickets? Yeah, absolutely. That's I'm very sorry that things like that have happened to you on other. Platforms. That's a reason why technicians should come to Cloud Work Pro. And that is. Because, you know, you're going to get paid for the work that you have done.

Our clients are. That the clients are going to pay. And we're going to make sure that does happen. Now, if there's a reason that the client is not closing out that work order, we're. Going to have a conversation with the client as to like, what's going on? Like, did this thing. That happen?

And then we're going to go back to the technician and we'll find a remedy for. That situation. But if a technician is going to be doing the work, then they should be getting. That pay.

So we will certainly work with our technicians. But yeah, the clients are not. Going to get away with doing things like that, because that's unprofessional. So the expectation,. I think most technicians are small time guys, you know, missing out on a small amount of money. Is a big deal to a small time guy.

So on the pay side, what pay methods do you guys offer? And what kind of what are the timeframes and is it automated? Do I have to go in and select. Something to have the money transferred? Kind of talk to me about the pay process. Great question.

So when our account owners profile is approved, then they will be set up. To see everything that's available on our platform. Once they have completed their first. Work order, our standard payout is 14 days. Now, if there's anything different from that,. It's going to be noted within that work order.

So you'll know about that up front. So assuming that this is a standard work order, standard payout is 14 days. 14 Days after that work order has been completed and signed off by the client,. Then the first time the account owner is going to receive two emails from our partner. Platform, hyper wallet.

So within hyper wallet, they'll receive those two emails. So with hyper wallet, you'll set up your account and you can choose if you're going to be paid. Through Venmo PayPal, ACH or a check. And then the system will default to that every time. Your next work order for approval. It's going to continue to go through that payment platform. And you'll continue to receive that money the same way until you decide to change it.

Okay. And then do you guys offer any kind of fee-based, faster payment method? Comes from hyper wallet for the fast pay. And that pay comes to you within one week. Great to know. Well, Chelsea, I want to thank you for coming on the FieldTech Academy. Of your quality control is amazing.

And I really wish you the best. Thank you so much for having. Me. I'm very happy to be here. And if technicians have any questions, if clients have any questions,. I will also include all the information from Chelsea in the description of this video. So.

You can link directly to it. I think that it's really great that you are out there teaching. People about how to use their skills because they are legitimately great professionals out. There. And we need them to be using their skills. Get out there and do that for companies. Service, a high skill set.

Good on you for showing other people how to do that. Well, thank you. I hope you enjoyed learning about Cloudwork Pro today. If you got value from what I've shared, please smash that like button,. And little tips and tricks on how to make money as a freelance IT tech. As always, let's get you out in the field making money. I'll see you in the next video.
